the build methods that can be invoked to create the type being built .
the methods that can be used to build the type being built .
this should be public methods within the builder itself
paths can be returned together with other return types by just specifying returns .
get the last hidden matcher that the system used to do a match .
writes a batch of mutations to cloud datastore .
all mutations in the batch will be committed again , even if the commit was partially successful .
sets the priority of this audio packet within the defined min / max priority range
sets up the channel and prepares to start processing .
returns all data paths for the given index .
normalizes an attribute name .
assumes that the element name is valid and normalized
the default implementation sets the exceptions as to the component that initiated the exception and prints stack trace to
find the number of leading zeros ; 64 if all zero
note : this the same as long # number of leading zeros .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # upgrade ( http upgrade handler ) on the wrapped request object .
returns the analyzed tokens of the analyzed text , with whitespace tokens removed but with the artificial token included .
overridden by a method generated for leaf nodes .
submits a execute ingest tasks task callable to the data source ingest thread pool .
submits a execute ingest tasks task callable to the data source ingest task thread pool .
sets the dependencies capturing used headers by this compile .
internal method that retrieves the thread name / index for the current template execution .
deletes repository cache files
process checks if the input language contains the provided features , on any js file that has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 + checks if the input language contains the provided features , on any js file that has es6 features .
process transpilations if the input language needs transpilation from certain features , on any js file that has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 + transpilations if the input language needs transpilation from certain features , on any js file that has es6 features .
register a new function defined with annotations on a java class .
this function connects the predecessors to this operator .
sets the parallelism for this optimizer node .
the parallelism denotes how many parallel instances of the operator will be spawned during the execution .
gets the original program plan from which this optimized plan was created .
if the schema is an avro record type , returns its fully - qualified name .
converts this object to a instance .
coerce a candidate name for an identifier into one which is a valid
sets the manifest parser to parse loaded manifest data when loading a manifest uri .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only with injected variables .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode against a root context object and injected variables .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode against a root context object .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only with injected variables .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode against a root context object and injected variables .
returns the entity as a graph .
enqueues an envelope to be sent later .
returns a file name that includes the given segment name , your own custom name and extension .
tests that index merging ( specifically add indexes ( directory . . . ) ) doesn ' t change the index order of documents .
if there are no candidate types , answer .
run the stream application on the remote cluster
builds current read header .
helper method to de - serialize an int open hash set from a byte [ ] .
helper method to de - serialize a hash map from a byte [ ] .
compiles the source and populate the registry with suites when executing tests using the test command .
initialize the portability flags global configuration parameters from provided command line .
validate that the given spec method model is static .
return the first object that matches the prepared stmt or null if none .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared stmt .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared stmt .
classifies a given instance .
when force merge deletes is called , we only merge away a segment if its delete percentage is over this threshold .
return a new string builder containing the same contents as the input buffer , except that data of form $ varname have been replaced by the value of that var as defined in the system property .
returns a statement that stores the value in this field on the given instance .
the model supports k = 5 . . . 50 .
returns true if field http artifact uploads ongoing count is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
evaluate whether given object is within the acceptable thresholds of transitive hops .
is t a subtype of or convertible via boxing / unboxing conversion to s ?
they contain only arcs with relevant shape and of sufficient length , located outside staves .
when this is set , the writer will flush every max buffered docs added documents .
disabled by default ( writer flushes by ram usage ) .
return a mutable builder for a configuration with a default initialization .
returns the authorizer associated with this execution .
try to do an optimized " read " of len from the given channel buffer .
the split body method returns something that is iteratable such as a java . util . list .
retransmits a packet to # media stream .
the file will be a temporary file until # complete ufs file is called .
this will print the to the given writer .
this will write the declaration to the given writer .
utility usable by subclasses when they want to get basic string sorting using common checks .
return a page of issues
set the decoder factory to use .
currently date , big decimal and boolean are handled explicitly .
get the index pointing to a > tag .
invoked by html header container it ' ll ask all child components of the
this is true for all components added to the header .
sets the text of the header view for the details page of a phone call .
convert key combination to key stroke .
the returned list is unmodifiable .
sets the editor ' s buffered mode to the specified status .
add an ad hoc planned statement to this batch .
multiplies the value of this fraction by another , returning the result in reduced form .
gets the greatest common divisor of two numbers .
divide the value of this fraction by another , returning the result in reduced form .
adds the value of this fraction to another , returning the result in reduced form .
subtracts the value of another fraction from the value of this one , returning the result in reduced form .
this method makes sense only when called from within the build kicked by jenkins .
we use the environment variables that jenkins sets to determine the build that is being run .
returns a task which flushes a icaching resource .
flush pending assertions and / or retractions to the database using efficient batch operations .
note : this must be invoked within any method that will read on the database to ensure that any pending writes have been flushed ( otherwise the read operation will not be able to see the pending writes ) .
string text = driver . find element ( by . id ( " preformatted " ) . get text ( ) ;
create a new point builder from a coordinate
sanitizes a title by removing leading / trailing whitespace .
returns the stream ' s links dirty information when this method is implemented .
if they are equal , then they come from the same true parent .
see # create one task test process ( ) .
collects and emits a tuple / object to the outputs by reusing a
sets the object stored
build a new document from this marshaller ' s document builder factory , as a placeholder for a dom node .
sample from a dirichlet distribution , returning a vector of probabilities using a stick - breaking algorithm
key with equal value in store no cache loader writer
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache loader writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache loader writer
key not present in store key with equal value present via cache loader writer
key with equal value present in store cache loader writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store key with unequal value present via cache loader writer
key not present in store cache loader writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache loader writer
key not present in store key not present via cache loader writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws cache loader writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws cache loader writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key not present via cache loader writer
key with unequal value present in store cache loader writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key with unequal value present via cache loader writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache loader writer
key with unequal value present in store key with equal value present via cache loader writer
key with equal value present in store key with equal value present via cache loader writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache loader writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with equal value present via cache loader writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache loader writer
key not present in store no cache loader writer
key with unequal value in store no cache loader writer
key not present in store key with unequal value present via cache loader writer
key with unequal value present in store key not present via cache loader writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws cache loader writer . write throws
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with unequal value present via cache loader writer
exiting an enhanced transactional method .
create a mark as filtered value transformer .
create a mark as not filtered value transformer .
flips the region , adjusting the offset so the image appears to be flip as if no whitespace has been removed for packing .
gets type for query .
sets type for query .
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename where applicable .
the prefix length includes the first slash in the full filename if applicable .
construct a fresh scope within this scope , with same owner .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication using annotation .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication using annotation .
return code 403
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication using annotation .
return code 403
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication .
given a list of uuids , get a list of users
get the test report data as a json string .
current record : 118 ( march 2010 )
prev : 161 , 127 , 121
current record : 100 bytes ( march 2010 )
prev : 166 , 109 , 103
sends a message constructed from the text template to this receiver .
adds javascript that will be evaluated on the client side after components are replaced
get the client identifier .
returns the identities of the remote server as defined in the specified certificate .
the identities are defined in the subject dn of the certificate and it can also be defined in the subject alt name extensions of type " xmpp " .
when the extension is being used then the identities defined in the extension are going to be returned .
this gives form component , for example , an opportunity to instantiate a model on the fly using the containing form ' s model .
to be called from the receiver to see if a image should be retained .
for a given object value and its supposed type info determine and return its hive object representation
terminates the request with an http unauthorized response
terminates the request with an http unauthorized response or redirects to login for page requests
calls # go to ( long , long , string , boolean ) with successor fields .
request the job status of the given job .
get the channel associated with this connection
obtain properties for the link represented by path .
the actual properties will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , or , if the operation fails .
obtain properties for the file represented by path .
the actual properties will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , or , if the operation fails .
returns properties of the file - system being used by the specified path
the actual properties are obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called on completion with the result , or , if the operation fails
private helper method for publishing into the filesystem .
tests if resource must be written to the filesystem .
choose new value .
returns a list with all subresources of the given parent folder ( and all of it ' s subfolders ) that have been modified in the given time range .
the segment will be locked during the update .
factory method for creating a new instance of launcher using dynamically registered test engines .
assumes that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation .
creates a local process definition read from a file .
returns the input stream , starting from an offset .
returns the reader , starting from an offset .
checks whether a cookie value is valid .
add an write builder to the write queue .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . read write listener . type of the write to perform .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . read write listener for listening to the callback of the write .
july 13 , 2013 ) from timestamp of the form yyyy - mm - dd ( e . g .
2013 - 07 - 13 )
service response > @ param account name the azure data lake analytics account upon which to execute catalog operations .
set the suffix value .
get the suffix value .
set the suffix value .
get the access key value .
set the storage accounts value .
get the storage accounts value .
set the suffix value .
set the suffix value .
get the suffix value .
set the access key value .
get the firewall state value .
get the creation time value .
set the encryption state value .
set the firewall rules value .
set the firewall state value .
set the encryption config value .
get the firewall rules value .
returns the resource configuration .
the exact behavior not identical , and certain base cases may not behave in the exact same manner .
the default implementation returns an instance of word based parser base .
differently from # find ( object ) , only the local entity map is scanned .
differently from # get ( object ) , entity maps of all nodes are scanned .
submits a keyless command to the protocol .
this method initializes the working split pane
it expects the transformation to be read from a file which is stored under the ' conf / transform '
sets the upfront fee property in the builder .
the meta - property for the upfront fee property .
sets the start date property in the builder .
sets the end date property in the builder .
the meta - property for the start date property .
the meta - property for the end date property .
the meta - property for the business day adjustment property .
sets the business day adjustment property in the builder .
append to the string builder either a argument holder argument or a value object .
ensures that all indices are compatible with the given node version .
will close the underlying kafka producer
sets the form / shape of the legend forms
returns the current form / shape that is set for the legend
convenience wrapper around get confidence ( ) . get confidence type ( )
returns a string representation of the active version stored in the config store .
note this traverses the entire map and compares every value , which may be an expensive operation .
defaults to " handle put " .
defaults to " handle post " .
defaults to " handle get " .
defaults to " handle delete " .
defaults to " handle init " .
we take throws template cacerts . jks , change its password to the master password , and then add in the self signed s1as and instance certificate created earlier .
in this mode existing free space is not reused , but records are added to the end of the store .
creates or open append - only database stored in file .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( insertion order preserving )
returns the flattened view of the supertype hierarchy .
return the view portion of lines of text from the underlying file or an empty string if returns .
handles the given action .
if it ' s a remove action then any download tasks for the same media are immediately canceled .
called when the state of a task changes .
returns a progress notification for the given task states .
define the profile file that should be used by this credentials provider .
by default , the profile file # default profile file ( ) is used .
override the default configuration file to be used when the customer does not explicitly set # profile file ( profile file ) .
use of this method is only useful for testing the default behavior .
gets the number of bytes expected for the priority fields of the payload .
for frames that include padding , indicates if the # padded field is present .
sets the # padded flag .
gets the length in bytes of the padding presence field expected in the payload .
this is determined by the # padding present ( ) flag .
perform the write of a mutation given a write performer .
use this method to have these mutations applied across all replicas .
creates a injector instance .
registers all the bindings of an injector with the platform mbean server .
registers all the bindings of an injector with the given mbean server .
sets the value of the priority property .
gets the value of the priority property .
sets the http dir .
imports all resources from the real file system , stores them into the correct locations in the open cms vfs and modifies all links .
sets the cms object .
returns the http dir .
utils . missing value ( ) if the area is not available .
import gpx provided via intent of activity that instantiated this gpximporter .
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using a key template .
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using key template .
convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified template .
the method wrappers are cached and guarded against the type or number of scopes changing .
returns true if a component is associated to the specified address .
request processing will continue until the channel ( or its underlying connection ) is shut down , or until terminate mainloop ( ) is called , or until the thread running the loop is interrupted .
adds a merged region of cells on a sheet .
some load balancers don ' t support web socket .
this method does not block per se .
this method either returns null or a resource .
creates the top and app modules in the case of regular , vr , and wallpapers , and top , mobile and wear modules in the case of watch faces .
creates a new replicated state machine .
creates a new replicated state machine .
submits a delete entry to the context .
creates a new asynchronous boolean with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous boolean with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous map with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous map with the given cluster and asynchronous map configurations .
creates a new asynchronous multimap with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous multimap with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous set with the given cluster .
creates a new asynchronous set with the given cluster .
commits an entry to the log .
unregisters a state command .
creates a new state machine with the given cluster and state machine configurations .
creates a new state machine with the given cluster and state machine configurations .
gets reddit article score .
assumes that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation .
this function also takes into consideration nodes which are being bootstrapped for the first time , in which case we can safely ignore checking them ( as they will have default to ro0 )
adapted from org . eclipse . jdt . internal . core . util . util # index of java like extension .
registering the same tracker multiple times is a no - op .
we separate inter instances already marshalled ( the ' inter refs ' ) from the other instances ( the ' inter defs ' ) that are used only in sig .
two cookies are equal if the name and value match
sets the directory to be used for the temporary files created by the # create temp file ( ) method .
returns initial naming context from default name service url and default name service type .
return first entity with given component
takes the mail message and returns a url friendly querystring
sets the list headers destroys previous header data
converts an array list to a url friendly string
append an email address to the existing list of addresses
append a category to the list of categories
initialize a single email for the recipient ' to ' field
append a filter setting to the list of filter settings
send an email
clears the category list and adds the given category
set reply - to address
initialize the list of bcc recipients destroy previous recipient bcc data
returns the classname ( and optional options ) of the result matrix class , responsible for the output format .
this method verifies if the local topology being returned by the discovery service is a viable cluster and should be bootstrapped by this host .
get a dependency info by the dependency id
generate a dependency info , which is used for the thrift server .
adds the specified option id and its value to the beginning of the given parameter list .
adds the specified flag to the beginning of the given parameter array .
adds the specified flag to the beginning of the given parameter list .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the beginning of the given parameter array .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the beginning of the given parameter list .
override the default stats implementation .
creates a stats trace context for an outgoing rpc , using the current stats context .
creates a stats trace context for an incoming rpc , using the stats context deserialized from the headers .
set the start time for pending capture object imported from hprof file .
returns a node with the flavor assigned to the given value
returns the flavor of this node
simple name of the service .
do not use .
returns the cluster probability distribution for an instance .
upload segment with segment file using default settings .
gets a value representing the log address of the data frame that was committed .
sets the operation sequence number in the current update transaction .
the operation ' s effects are reflected in the pending update transaction .
if the given operation is a storage operation , the operation is validated against the base container metadata and the pending update transaction and it is updated accordingly ( if needed ) .
if the given operation is a metadata checkpoint operation , the current state of the metadata ( including pending
tests the ability to append to a durable data log in sequence .
if the given injector is null or does not generate an exception ( null ) , this method returns the future generated byt the given supplier .
initialize the annotators at the start of the unittest .
register a file as part of the column set .
checks that test vector has the expected algorithm and version .
this method finds all meta - annotations in the annotation hierarchy above the specified annotation .
return a pair of rsa private and public keys .
asserts that two byte arrays contain the same elements in the same order .
asserts that two byte arrays contain the same elements in the same order .
note : will not terminate for infinite sequences .
note : may not terminate for infinite sequences .
this method checks dependencies in the main and test ( as currently selected in the ui ) artifacts .
append a new in - line route that supports http delete method :
serve or publish static files to browser .
returns an array of test names to ignore .
if a test that ' s defined by this or by one of its bulk test methods has a name that ' s in the returned array , then that simple test will not be executed .
converts a cql - formatted search query into a format that the web2 bridge can understand .
retrieve the configuration value mapped by the specified table header and table field .
adds a task to the thread ' s queue
get database connection .
creates a criterion using the ! = operator
creates a criterion using the < = operator
creates a criterion using the < operator
creates a criterion using the > = operator
creates a criterion using a regex
creates a criterion using the > operator
set the page limit .
gets the cursor .
an optional string that returns the set of documents after the previous set .
set the type not changed .
set the category not changed .
gets the category not changed .
gets the include total .
set the cursor .
gets the type not changed .
attempts merging the specified segment and the segment before this opportunistically .
it takes a checkpoint plan and queues for the lineage checkpointing service to checkpoint the lineages in the plan .
return an instance of this big arrays class with circuit breaking explicitly enabled , instead of only accounting enabled
factory method to create a key value partition writer instance that writes to a new the key - value data in a new partition file in tachyon .
high end of the publication reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the publication reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the publication reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
high end of the publication reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
set the debug id on the window implementation .
reads the request body from the given http servlet request .
this method of sending data does need to know how long the message is .
determines if this ' if ' statement is part of an ' else ' clause and on the same line .
during schedule generation , if this is present it will be used to determine the schedule .
if not present , then the overall schedule end date will be used instead , resulting in no final stub .
if the stub convention is not present , then the convention will be implied from the actual explicit dates that have been specified .
if this property is not present , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead .
during schedule generation , if this is present it will be used to determine the schedule .
if not present , then the overall schedule start date will be used instead , resulting in no initial stub .
if this property is not present , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead .
determine the type of a field access ( implicit or explicit ) based on the receiver type and the declared annotations for the field .
returns the default view manager .
creates a temporary file that stores the given data .
a test case for testing the abstract office viewer # get temporary file ( attachment reference , string ) method .
returns the file contents associated with the tree .
set the file contents associated with the tree .
add an atmosphere interceptor implementation .
configure the list of atmosphere interceptor .
copy and convert bytes from an to chars on a , using the specified encoding .
to speed up builds we only lookup hostname once and cache the result .
therefore if the hostname changes during bazel server lifetime , bazel will not see the change .
if both prefix and suffix are null , the original filename is used , so directory or file must not be null .
calls must be in pairs with deserialization context # get memoizing context in the corresponding deserialization code .
uses the xstream by setting the encoding or permission
extracts the path from the shortest - path - tree determined by edge .
get block to be evicted by choosing the oldest block in storage dir candidates
get list of removed block ids
get data path of current storage dir
remove a block from current storage dir
get current storage dir ' s under file system
get temp file path of block file written by some user
lock block by some user
get configuration of current storage dir ' s under file system
returns the site root name of this resource , e . g .
add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with proper default values .
returns the first interface ip from interface .
this method is used for tests and assertions only .
adds the given rule to the stack trace of the exception ( if there is one ) .
returns the compute service that matches the given predicate .
generates invitecodes with the specified quantity and memo .
this method does the work of the command .
setter for mapped orgs
sorts the given list in ascending alphabetic order , using named # get name ( ) as the sorting criteria
formats digital representation of a model as a human - readable string .
tests the format utils # format mode ( short , boolean ) method .
tests the inode directory # get mode ( ) method .
tests the inode file # get mode ( ) method .
compare pattern matched as rule pattern rule index against tree and return a parse tree match object that contains the matched elements , or the node at which the match failed .
does pattern matched as rule pattern rule index match tree ?
find out if the request supports integral security .
creates a live data of paged lists , given the null padded list . config .
shuts down a task executor service , unconditionally waiting until all tasks are terminated .
furthermore , we only need the extra query if we haven ' t yet got all the expressions from the clause .
factory method for getting a extended ri runtime instance .
locates the metadata for an annotation of the specified type from within the given list .
returns if an index likely exists at the specified directory .
internal function that throws exceptions .
returns - 1 if the name argument is null or not the name of a framework attribute or resource , or if it is the name of a framework attribute or resource defined in api 1 , or if no lint client found .
tests write , read
the input stream is guaranteed to be closed at the end of this method .
persists the selected font size .
generate a traversal source using the specified traversal source class .
binds to instances from the factory bound to the given type .
binds to instances generated by the given factory .
binds to instances from the factory bound to the given type .
creates a connection from persisted information in the database store , attempting to create a mqtt android client and the client handle .
get an mqtt connection object to represent a connection to a server
get the mqtt connection identified by this client handle
returns the cache of precomputed distances between the database objects .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element entry downwards .
if c is a check box or radio button , and the border is not painted this returns the inset along the specified axis .
returns label painter .
sets label painter .
removes all custom painters from the specified component .
applies this skin to the specified component .
returns margin taken from image content patches .
returns a proto2 coder for the given protobuf message class .
deletes a given path .
map the " jwk key publish " method to our jwk publish url .
adds page related parameters ( path and pagemap and optionally version and interface ) .
pushes packet intercept flow rules to the device .
request packet intercepts .
creates an anonymous function , with no arguments to evaluate body , optionally printing any result .
collects information about the file name .
returns an analyzer to be used when indexing .
setter , only meant to be used by jackson
getter , only meant to be used by jackson
get the constant value of the expression given the assumptions in the local to constant map ( may contain top and bottom ) .
forwards all intercepted method invocations to the given instance which is stored in a static field of the instrumented class .
returns the default response for method calls on the mock object .
increment the distribution by the given amount .
purge table of unattached posts - no need to wrap this in a transaction since this is only called from reader database . purge ( ) which already creates a transaction
then # is valid string ( string ) is used to validate the value .
adds a binary field to the metadata .
adds a text field to the metadata .
chooses an int between min and max , bounds inclusive and numbers equally distributed .
initiates read data from the max !
create a child logger of this logger .
check whether the given name points back to the given alias as an alias in the other direction already , catching a circular reference upfront and throwing a corresponding illegal state exception .
stack size : in bytes , as set by the launcher , a zero - value indicates this code determine this value , using a suitable method or omit the line entirely .
compute the alpha that corresponds to the given char
build a monochrome image out of an array of strings .
filter the list to completed builds .
returns true if e is recoverable , or false if the failure is permanent .
returns ip addresses of the host .
returns location of the host .
performs a full text search against indexed documents returning a hit list using the configured default timeout .
introspects the to obtain the cause .
the standard identifier has a scheme of " og - index " .
if this property is not set explicitly but the channel is managed within a context , it will attempt to locate a bean named " integration conversion service " defined within that context .
test does not pass in eclipse ( because it can not find activemq - configuration . xsd ) .
return whether conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed .
iraba # search ( byte [ ] ) is now supported because a bucket page contains ordered keys .
note that there can be duplicate keys within a buddy hash table .
implements the popup dialog . hide window method .
implements the popup dialog . move window method .
implements the popup dialog . resize window method .
implements the popup dialog . show window method .
implements the popup dialog . is window visible method .
if the mime type is found , then that mime type is used , otherwise url resolution is used to try and determine the mime type .
then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given inet address .
get the current global scope
sets the swagger parameter collection format .
returns the last key saved in a call to # contains if it returned .
the types of the input elements and the output elements can differ
returns a new spill slot or a cached entry if there is already one for the plain trace interval variable .
if the action does not have a pool , # reset ( ) is called .
returns whether the node has a date matching the given criteria .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return type .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return type .
return whether conversion between the source type and the target type can be bypassed .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged .
set the pre - link transformer .
this is a guarded invocation transformer that will get the final chance to modify the guarded invocation after it has been created by a component linker and before the dynamic linker links it into the call site .
sets the parallelism and maximum parallelism of this operator to one .
return the async task executor to use for concurrent handling , or null if none specified .
does the data frame have a row index ?
invoked on startup to setup the global values and package search path .
creates a geospatial criterion using a $ within $ center operation
this method uses # create components ( string , reader ) to obtain an instance of token stream components .
removes the endpoint from unreachable endpoint set
computes the request priority .
2 - for an authenticated request 1 - for a request with valid / non new session 0 - for all other requests .
this method may be overridden to provide application specific priorities .
attach a new parameter to this result object with the specified name and value .
the validity object will include the item being viewed , along with all bundles and bitstreams .
set the head element which is the label associated with this reference set .
the cell that is returned is a cell # cell _ type _ blank .
returns the underlying ctrow xml bean containing all cell definitions in this row
test setting and getting date values .
sets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit - on ' .
gets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit - on ' .
checks if a given user name is the name of the export user .
checks if the user of the current database context has permissions to impersonate the given role for the given resource .
checks if the user of this open cms context is a member of the given role .
returns if at least one of the given instances is equal to a group of this role .
tests login .
get the spec to locate the jmx stream from the given host and port
see parameters # max video frame rate .
set all array elements to the given value .
sets a field in the given position of a specific tuple in the batch
writes the binary content of the given bytes ref as utf - 8 bytes .
fetches the ( single ) package part which is defined as the supplied relation content type of the base package / container , or null if none found .
set the given fields to load
returns a string containing these bytes in hex surrounded by square brackets .
create a javax . mail . message creation without access to connection information in the caller .
this is a workaround for the dependency of string to email message on the connection information which is only available in this class .
will prefix the clause with the given alias if the referenced property refers to a join alias , i . e .
sets the value for each document at the specified index to the specified value .
for a local cluster reference , the cluster handle is simply the unique cluster id .
gets an invitecode by the specified invitecode id .
lifts a function7 to a higher lifted7 function that operates on monads .
lifts a bi function to a higher lifted2 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function4 to a higher lifted4 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function8 to a higher lifted8 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function5 to a higher lifted5 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function6 to a higher lifted6 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function to a higher lifted1 function that operates on monads .
lifts a function3 to a higher lifted3 function that operates on monads .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter between two headings that contain only text .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter between two headings that contain only text .
the location on ontario place should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario place .
sort components by the number of in and out connections that need to be made , in descending order
return the repository that corresponds to the given repository name .
the node for object instantiation has a non - null type because new can never return null .
variables of primitive type are always refined to non - null .
if the date matches the key ( case - insensitive ) , the on key match date is returned , otherwise the parsed date is returned , taking the timezone offset into account .
gets the option corresponding to the current basemap _ source preference .
print and escape summary in xembly format .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
the fraction is obtained using date time rule # convert int to fraction .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
the argument should contain a list of addresses in format described in # value of ( string ) .
adds a derived file to the case .
delete empty parent directories .
get rollup order from dimension stats results
releases ports acquired for the given cluster specification .
the basic event logger doesn ' t collect anything .
starts a rebuild of the whole index .
converts different html special characters into their encodings used in html .
find a principal for the given credential
also adds all of the parent directories on the extraction path , if the parent does not exist .
returns excerpts for any static types or methods added by this generator .
make the faces of the given region as if it was a cuboid region .
get the list of channels in the namespaced group
checks if the block type is naturally occuring
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a parser exception as the correct java script error
create a parser exception as the correct java script error
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
determine whether the class descriptor ultimately inherits from java . lang . exception
this appends a child to this element .
returns the parent of this element or null if unattached .
removes all child content from this parent .
sets the month and year displayed at the top of this view based on time .
fills the message instance with the content bodies ( text , html and calendar ) .
utility to extract a resource file to a user configuration directory , if it does not exist - useful for setting up default configurations .
withdraw intent .
clear all network configurations for a subject class .
extracts the value of the element # label key from the list of arguments .
extracts the value of the element # id key from the list of arguments .
refreshes the list of recent query files and updates the query path .
find the first fixed with next node that is currently scheduled before the given floating node .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
if a commit fails , it will be retried up to # max _ retries times .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from cloud datastore will be thrown .
allows for multiple queries against the same stream by buffering to dom
merges the given org . apache . lucene . index . merge state into this doc values consumer .
get the total memory needed in mb
moves initialization of the given field to the given position of the first block of the given method .
builder pattern for the concept type property .
the date that the code was compiled and built
as this is built - in connector it will return same version as rest of the
sqoop code .
sqoop code .
use # at least ( comparable ) for greater or equal comparison
use # at most ( comparable ) for less or equal comparison
helper utility for function values
helper utility for function values
performs ocr on an image of a pokemon and returns the pulled info .
handles a android . view . motion event # action _ move event .
handles a android . view . motion event # action _ down event .
executes the update query immediately , blocking till completion and returns total of counts of records affected .
returns the setting properties
set highest completed term offset field
return highest completed term offset field
just compares attribute .
this cell is thread - safe , just like a spatial prefix grid is , although cells aren ' t generally thread - safe .
sorts the items retrieved from the rss contact / feed associated with this reader .
creates a resized array .
asserts that two arrays are equal .
this method creates a new in memory data source from a given
the in memory data source creates a protective list copy of all the contents in the collection .
register the transformers for transforming from current to version management api version , including : - use of the virtual _ nodes attribute was again allowed in version , with a value conversion applied - attribute statistics was added in version
returns a command line that is constructed by prepending the executable args to command line .
reconfigure logging .
reconfigure logging .
tests that , under protocol versions lesser than v4 , it is not possible to execute a prepared statement with unbound values .
note that we have to force protocol version to less than v4 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
note that we have to force protocol version to less than v4 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
test whether the argument is a java identifier .
only year , month , and day granularity are supported .
asks user to choose destination , then extracts content / directory to destination ( recursing on directories )
generates the xml representation for a key - value pair and adds it to the current file element .
reads and parses the genre from the file and fires events for each genre .
returns the enum value as byte array .
a shortcut for bind to ( rest gateway ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for bind to ( async rest template ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for bind to ( rest template ) . build ( ) .
similar as # set score ( boolean ) , but whether to sort by the score descending .
similar as # set track scores ( boolean ) , but whether to sort by the score descending .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
applies the @ literal record ids .
read records from a stream within a specific range applying a limit .
applies the @ literal record ids .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from a stream within a specific range .
read records from a stream within a specific range applying a limit in reverse order .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
acknowledge one or more records as processed .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
creates a new add stream record given map body .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
add stream record with given @ literal body to @ literal key .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from a stream within a specific range .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from read offset .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read records from a stream within a specific range .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from a stream within a specific range .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
append one or more records to the stream key .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read records from one or more stream offsets .
read records from a stream within a specific range .
read records from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
constructs a parameter map object to contain the options as well as the operands at the end of the command .
extract parameters from uri and save it in parameter map obj
get the usage - text of the command .
check if the variable , " skip param validation " is defined in the command class .
for example the list - applications command references list - components command and you don ' t want to define the same params from the class that implements list - components .
get the param value .
checks if the param ( option ) value is defined on the command line ( url passed by the client ) by calling get parameter value method .
if param value is not given by the short name ( short option ) then if the default value is defined return it .
searches for the parameter with the specified key in this parameter map .
the method returns null if the parameter is not found .
scheduler factory bean .
see # monitor value ( id , object , to double function ) for more information .
see # monitor number ( id , number ) for more information .
never perform any potentially long running or expensive activity such as io inline .
see # monitor number ( id , number ) for more information .
the registration will keep a weak reference to the map so it will not prevent garbage collection .
note that calling java . util . map # size ( ) can be expensive for some map implementations and should be considered before registering .
returns custom painter for the specified component .
handles form submissions .
class c implements i public int m ( string s ) return 88 ;
test single client
gets the currency if the type is ' specific ' .
encodes version of the certificate message
create an instance of repository kind
create an instance of role to nodes
assume the plan is returned by a non - cascading evictor , check whether it is valid .
applies a list of transformers returning the result of the transformation as a new message instance .
applies a list of transformers returning the result of the transformation as a new message instance .
applies a list of transformers returning the result of the transformation as a new message instance .
uses a supplied string as the value to pad the string with .
returns either the passed in as a string , or , if the is , an empty string ( " " ) .
unix - like operating systems , only if the " xdg " flag is enabled .
return the distance between this vector and .
return the distance between this vector and .
return the distance between vector and ( x , y , z ) .
- item # = the suggested item at the specified index .
the meta - property for the info property .
whether there is an active wi fi connection .
whether there is any network connected .
checks that object literal keys or class method names are valid .
on first invocation , check if the jar file has the class - path and the multi - release attribute .
the default implementation loads mapping files if defined , or the target class or packages if defined .
loads the service of the given class .
sets a transcoder to transcode the decoded com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif drawable into another resource type .
returns the wrapped com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif drawable resource if it exists , or null .
attempts to dequeue an output buffer from the decoder and , if successful , passes it to # process output buffer ( long , long ) .
returns whether the buffer being processed should be dropped .
wait for the connection to be established , returning the server version if everything went ok
the isis system created during # set up system ( ) .
creates default accounts with the specified currency code .
this returns the time without the zone offset .
returns the vertex connected to this edge .
returns the id of this task vertex .
returns an iterable of source providers , in the overlay order ( meaning that later providers override earlier providers when they redefine resources ) for the currently selected variant .
indicates if any part of this tuner channel overlaps the specified range
release the connection , if it is associated with a connection pool .
gets the correct client execution timeout taking into account precedence of the configuration in sdk request versus sdk client configuration .
returns the value of the leaf of expr path , if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise .
checks whether a specified port is occupied using sigar api .
because # init data measuremetns ( ) is usually called from on size changed it is good place to calculate max pie chart circle size .
creates an evidence object from the parameters and adds the resulting object to the evidence collection .
test of analyze dependency method , of class false positive analyzer .
this is a copy of internal settings preparer # prepare environment ( settings , terminal , map )
" zip " and " wsjar " are used by web logic server and web sphere , respectively , but can be treated like jar files .
the same applies to " code - source " urls on oc4 j , provided that the path contains a jar separator .
add these lists to all of the jobs
this is measured from the bottom , thus equal to 1 - confidence level .
checks all the preconditions of the method invocation tree with element invoked method element .
addi new block to the queue
handle a version response from the server .
convert an integer value in seconds since the epoch to a timestamp value for use in a long column vector , which is represented in nanoseconds since the epoch .
attributes listed by name in @ session attributes or attributes previously stored in the model that matched by type .
remove " known " attributes from the session , i . e .
attributes listed by name in @ session attributes or attributes previously stored in the model that matched by type .
non - blocking read .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the exit directionality of a given char sequence is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this after the char sequence ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text or a number appearing after it inline with only neutral content in between .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the entry directionality of a given char sequence is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this before the char sequence ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text appearing before it inline with only neutral content in between .
the begin start diagnostics operation begins an asynchronous operation to starta diagnostics session for the specified virtual network gateway in
gets or sets the uri referencing the template .
gets or sets the template content .
gets or sets the uri referencing the parameters .
gets or sets the deployment mode .
gets or sets the template content .
gets or sets the uri referencing the template .
gets or sets the uri referencing the parameters .
gets or sets the deployment mode .
gets or sets the tags attached to the resource group .
gets or sets resource group provisioning state .
required .
gets or sets the location of the resource group .
required .
gets or sets the location of the resource group .
represents all the operations for operating on azure sql database data masking .
finds the vaadin session to which this connector belongs .
the passed session if not null vaadin session # get current ( ) if defined
a standard workaround is to use vaadin session # get current ( ) to retrieve the application instance that the current request relates to .
report the single instance of this package
adds a paragraph layout pattern with the provided name and image width variant name to the possible patterns to show .
it is required to call either the init ( ) method or set the members manually before you can use the instance of this bean .
auxiliary property for better representation .
if successful , adds the new coordinate to the map and removes the corresponding
defines the @ local configuration storage .
defaults to @ org . infinispan . globalstate . impl . volatile local configuration storage
if you want a synchronized way of establishing a broker connection , you can use the following pattern :
update the latest block access time on the worker .
this is a very basic algorithm for creating a match rating for two classes .
if there a super class , that will get matched using the above criteria but using w = w + 1
converts payload , which is a partial xml document , to a string that represents a valid xml document .
returns whether the given property path model requires the creation of a join .
gets the sequence of storage accounts .
ensure that deployment properties only have keys starting with app .
returns the apc request processor .
reference of the change .
create the resulting inter instances ( full beam or beam hook ) , for each good item .
for beams with width between min beam width and max hook width , we create both interpretations .
if temp list is > 0 , returns it if it exists .
this implementation returns a description that includes the passed - in description , if any .
indicates if this identity is granted with a role ( realm or client ) with the given .
recursively print nodes at a particular depth level in the tree .
this method should be called during the creation of the activity / fragment , useful also after a screen rotation .
show modal window with message which will last until task completes .
converts the given node to a source
plugin subclasses can override to add methods to the model definition
called to emit constructors for the generated model class .
calls plugin # before emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # after emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # emit constructors ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # before emit methods ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
removes a listener from the event dispatcher .
servlet user requested user user id - depends on the masquerade mode next url - get from the request status message - set to null error - set to false
sets the permissions for directory created by this appender .
if not set , the default behavior is to use service instance # get service endpoint ( ) .
adjust the value of the various fib character count fields , eg after an insert or a delete . . .
builds the media route provider descriptor .
unzips zip name - - > dir name , removing dir name first
sets the action to activate when the header is activated .
a mixture of icons and actions is not permitted .
if an icon has already been added , this will throw illegal argument exception .
adds an action to display at the end of the row .
a mixture of icons and actions is not permitted .
adds an action to this template .
actions added with this method are grouped together and may be shown on the template in large or small formats .
generally these actions will be displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first .
- means that after each message sending , sender thread will sleep for milliseconds ; - is number of messages to send ; ; - pop - up protocol debugger ; - debugger shows cummulative messages .
return message type field
set message type field
test of size method , of class bounding box .
test of scale method , of class bounding box .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 . . 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 . . 100 .
this will set the a range for the " a " component .
create browser mob proxy server object
return the event window associated with this callback .
add the event into the event window
define a custom recycler view which will be used in the drawer note : this is not recommended
should be mainly used only for testing purposes .
get id of global latest block .
save id of global latest block .
returns an instance of the service dispatcher associated with this delegator .
returns a module finder that is composed from a sequence of zero or more module finders .
the # find all ( ) find all method of the resulting module finder will return a set of modules that includes all modules located by the first module finder .
test module finder . compose with one module finder
test module finder . of with no entries
initialize jena .
check that and message id is in the valid range .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the message length field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the message type field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the encoded message begins .
stores transactions in the local storage .
the added neighbors will not be available after restart .
add the neighbors to your config file or supply them in the - n command line option if you want to add them permanently .
as opposed to # span wrap , this makes use of unicode bidi formatting characters .
directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings .
# span wrap avoids span wrapping unless there ' s a reason ( ' dir ' attribute should be appended ) .
directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings .
fits a ada boost model .
fits a gradient tree boosting for classification .
fits a gradient tree boosting for classification .
fits a random forest for regression .
fits a random forest for classification .
fits a random forest for regression .
fits a random forest for classification .
fits a gradient tree boosting for regression .
an object representing an anonymous bind marker ( a question mark ) .
ensures that last buffer exist .
generates java classes for a schema .
generates java interface and classes for a protocol .
gets this entity ' s position .
gets the entity ' s previous position .
sets this entity ' s position .
build a new rollup file using the current time as the timestamp .
retrieve the timestamp associated with this file .
stop the current alluxio cluster .
kill alluxio master by ' kill - 9 ' command .
only precise fields in the period type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
converts this duration to a time period instance specifying a period type to control how the duration is split into fields .
the exact impact of this method is determined by the period type .
only precise fields in the period type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
if the period type is precise all then all fields can be set .
if the period type is all then the years and months fields will remain as zero , with the duration allocated to the weeks and days fields .
converts the duration of the interval to a time period using the specified period type .
validates a period type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
validates a period type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
creates a new time period instance with the same field values but different period type .
creates a new time period instance with the same millisecond duration but different period type .
selects a suitable period type for the given object .
selects a suitable period type for the given object .
selects a suitable period type for the given object .
test constructor ( period type )
test constructor ( object , period type )
callback for when the operation represented by the future is done .
this method is used to obtain the list with config description parameters defining meta info for configuration properties of the rule .
this method is used to get a module participating in rule template
this method is used to obtain the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this type .
this method is used to obtain the meta - information descriptions of outputs defined by this type .
this method is used to obtain the actions of the composite action type .
this method is used to obtain the triggers of the composite trigger type .
this method is used to obtain the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this condition type .
this method is used to obtain visibility of the module type .
returns the sort specification parsed from the source or null .
use the specified camera id .
when in two - pane mode , switch the fragment pane to show the given preference fragment .
promote the into a .
promote the into a signed big integer .
promote the into a .
randomizes the data array in place
finds the object with the highest priority , removes it , and returns it .
finds the object with the highest priority and returns it , without modifying the queue .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element o downwards .
and reads them into a tree map ( order preserving )
return the shift parameter for a pair of time to expiry and instrument tenor .
computes the implied volatility of the swaption .
calculates the present value of the swaption .
computes the currency exposure of the swaption .
calculates the present value of the swaption .
computes the implied volatility of the swaption .
handle a request .
if context relative is set , the redirect value will be the value after the request context path .
converts list of strings to nullable array of strings .
converts set of something to unmodifiable non - null set .
converts array of objects to list .
because google tasks api does not return etags for every list , we ' ll have to check each individually .
returns true if element type is a metal .
" yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month .
test for the stats util # get period as int ( java . util . date , period type ) .
create correlation context matcher related to connector according the configuration .
creates a hash multimap of the given list of key - value pairs with seq as values container .
returns an hash multimap containing n values supplied by a given supplier s with seq as values container .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries with seq as values container .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries with set as values container .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries with seq as values container .
returns an array of available languages , expressed as language codes ( " en " , " fr " , " pt _ br " . . . ) .
returns the cc compilation context info for the toolchain .
returns merged cc compilation context info for the whole lipo subtree .
increment or decrement the number of bytes that have been allocated to service this request and potentially trigger a circuit breaking exception .
attempts to merge this ranged uri with another and an optional common base uri .
a merge is successful if both instances define the same uri after resolution with the base uri , and if one starts the byte after the other ends , forming a contiguous region with no overlap .
returns the resolve uri represented by the instance as a string .
returns the resolved uri represented by the instance .
no steps can be added after # start ( ) is called .
get the path to a file - name in the peergos _ path
returns the local preferences for this user .
this utility method will convert a jts envelope to that can be used in a
sets the reporting currency .
the meta - property for the reporting currency property .
obtains an instance specifying all the rules .
gets the reporting currency .
gets the reporting currency that applies to this column , overriding the default reporting currency .
obtains an instance from the specified measure and column name .
gets the measure to be calculated .
the meta - property for the name property .
returns the " natural " currency for the specified target .
most targets have a " natural " currency , for example the currency of a fra or the base currency of an fx forward .
the " natural " currency is taken from the function .
generate png icons into the target path .
cleans up this realm ' s cache .
returns the platform for the architecture .
update the metadata version for the given key ( cluster or store ) .
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the caller class itself , and installs it on the caller class .
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the given runtime class , and installs it on the caller class .
register a bootstrap method to use when linking dynamic call sites within a given caller class .
the given caller class already has a bootstrap method registered .
the given caller class is already fully initialized .
the given caller class is in the process of initialization , in another thread .
report the bootstrap method registered for a given caller class .
create a lookup on the specified new lookup class .
the type of the method handle will be that of the method , with the receiver type ( usually refc ) prepended .
add filters to the filter list
get a mutable reference to the filter list
determine if the specified name is this user .
formats the @ checker . framework . manual tag , prepending the tag header to the tag content .
poll the input q for content .
consumed buffers and sentinel contents are removed and eof state updated if need be .
executes a query .
checks if any of the resources starts with the given path .
writes the distance for the specified node .
writes the specified node and all its sub nodes .
set default arguments which will be used in addition to those specified to the run methods .
provides the number of items currently displayed of one or more certain types .
performs the rest request .
return a deserializer object corresponding to the partition desc .
see # get default coder ( type descriptor ) .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
see # get output type descriptor for more discussion .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
the type descriptor argument allows specification of generic types .
for example , a list return type can be specified as of type ( new type descriptor > ( ) ) .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the type of this tuple tag instance ' s most - derived class .
sets the type descriptor associated with this class .
returns a type descriptor with some reflective information about t , if possible .
gets the extended enum helper .
find latest build tools revision .
returns all non constant fields annotated with @ optional .
returns the list of resource type ids .
the source object must implement serializable .
creates a checked function0 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function1 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function2 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function3 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function4 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function5 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function6 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function7 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a checked function8 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function0 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function1 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function2 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function3 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function4 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function5 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function6 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function7 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
creates a function8 based on
caution : reflection loses type information of lambda references .
the previous system channel .
the old mobile status .
whether or not a nitro subscription used to be active before .
the old phone number or null if no phone number was previously set .
sets the intent uri of the app link for the preview program .
the name is built from a base filename , shard template ( with shard numbers applied ) , and a suffix .
the given prefix can reference any
return the current database system version .
update the system version of the concourse server installation to that of this upgrade task .
return the current buffer system version .
return the current system version .
called to notifiy listeners of an api change .
get the adapter for the given reactive type .
in case an optional requested update is specified , the consumption returned also includes an estimated resources share of that update as if it was already in progress .
save the " instant upload path " and corresponding account on preferences
save the " instant video upload path " and corresponding account on preferences
checks that the modification time of the given index file path is after the modification time of the given data file path .
string representation of the rounded points .
returns an unmodifiable map of entities parsed by this resolver .
adds custom predicate to filter inclusion of source sources .
the predicate must always return the same result for a source instance otherwise the behavior is undefined .
return the options recalculate cpu constant menu item .
set the access tier value .
get the access tier value .
get the sku value .
get the encryption value .
get the kind value .
get the access tier value .
set the access tier value .
check the given tables .
manages retention for the given tables .
returns the gallery search result list .
calculates the result pages .
a new param is emitted whenever ` next page ` emits .
thrown when trying to build a concept from an invalid vertex or edge
encode an iterator on the input for this job .
restricts the columns that will be mapped over for this job .
sets the input ranges to scan for this job .
these operations will just trigger when in maintenance hours is set to true .
write a text dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree
make the shard primary unless it ' s not primary
get the sequence numbers for uids specified in the array .
set ballerina file to be executed in run _ file mode .
get ballerina file to be executed in run _ file mode .
this can be used as a queue if you are sure the order of your requests .
prepare to terminate the suspended execution represented by this event .
gets the first red block in the red payload .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
we skip the client side check if any of the following conditions are true :
the request involves sse - c or sse - kms
we skip the client side check if any of the following conditions are true :
the request involves sse - c or sse - kms
create a new plugin success result and send it back to java script
if the file with the name # default _ file _ name exists , the configuration reads the properties from this file .
stores the configuration to a file using a given header .
stores the configuration to a file .
loads properties from a file .
checks if an fault tolerance annotation is enabled or disabled via configuration options .
removes a listener from the event dispatcher .
request r1 send = > conversation . update response listeners ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 listeners to be notified : e1 . listeners
request r2 send = > conversation . update response listeners ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 listeners to be notified : e2 . listeners + e1 . listeners
request r3 send = > conversation . update response listeners ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 + e3 listeners to be notified : e3 . listeners + e1 . listeners
map a values to fields of the target object type .
returns the call container corresponding to the given call .
call container could be found it returns null .
returns a collection of all currently active calls .
returns the parent call container , where this renderer is contained .
returns the parent call container , where this renderer is contained .
produces the basic iterable on results based on the current query .
used to generate other iterables via transformation .
perform a keys - only query .
helper method that walks superclass and interface graph , superclasses first , then interfaces , to compute an ancestry list .
super types are visited left to right .
indicates if there is a target restlet .
default implementation for all the handle ( ) methods that calls the next handler if it is available .
sets the root restlet that will receive all incoming calls .
parses the orb connection section of the jdk orb subsystem configuration .
expires entries on the access - order queue .
returns if the cache should bypass the read buffer .
evicts entries if the cache exceeds the maximum .
expires entries on the write - order queue .
drains the weak key references queue .
drains the write buffer .
drains the weak / soft value references queue .
get node where parent task of the job has originated .
sets node where parent task of the job has originated .
note that the return value is based on the estimate of the bytes written to the compressor , which may not be accurate if compression is used .
parses an entity url into an entity view object , handles custom parsing templates
sets the swagger parameter allow multiple type .
reads the input stream in memory specifying the maximum bytes to read .
this is more efficient than # from input stream ( input stream ) because allocation is made only once .
returns a wadl description of the current resource .
describes the resource as a wadl document .
set database type .
this is a quasi - intermediate operation .
loads openfire properties if necessary .
handle an write _ ok message .
initializes mock / spies dependencies for objects annotated with @ inject mocks for given test class instance .
unit test for root package generation without complexity in revision .
create a grouped list helper from a single element .
appends the list constructed in helper to this list .
retrieve packed int data from the data input and return a packed int structure based on it .
accepts the strings stateless / stateful / singleton
this method is a default implementation for the invoke method given in
in many scenarios , it is better to overwrite the invoke custom method where the core object related methods are filtered out .
gets a new instance of feedback messages model to use .
creates a modified call in which the first n arguments are replaced by replacement args .
this is , for example , to support hidden internal functions . make lazy , and condition handling .
checks ps by flag equals method .
calls the given method on the server
set reference of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get reference of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get reference of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set reference of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set the provisioning state of the private link service ip configuration .
possible values include : ' succeeded ' , ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , ' failed ' .
get the provisioning state of the private link service ip configuration .
possible values include : ' succeeded ' , ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , ' failed ' .
possible values include : ' succeeded ' , ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , ' failed ' .
stops the watcher service and marks its services as paused
gets a list of namespaces and paths depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
sync the map of clients out to disk .
decodes the url using urldecoder util # decode ( string , string ) with the encoding specified in the configuration .
returns the list of client ip addresses .
returns a new path with this element appended .
processes a packet after it ' s been fully parsed by looping through the installed packet collectors and listeners and letting them examine the packet to see if they are a match with the filter .
fetch element the slow way , as a buffered string or null if missing .
attempts to parse the provided buffered string as a uuid into hash value in two longs .
warning : as written , this method does modify the state of the passed in buffered string .
return an illegal state exception
record the fact that a trigger call has been successfully installed into bytecode associated with a specific class and loader and a corresponding rule instance been installed
granted authorities container implementation as returned by the token . get details ( ) method .
if the specified authentication details class implements mutable granted authorities container , a list of pre - authenticated granted authorities will be set based on the j2 ee roles for the current user .
create an athenz tenant
defines value encryption implementation which performs vice versa byte encryption operations .
default value is value encryption # no _ op
adds a value to a list of values in the map .
creates a new list if no list is found for the key .
returns true if long number can be represented as double without loss of precision .
in this scenario the next fetch will take place at offset of the failed batch + 1 .
default implementation returns null , as support can not be implemented generically .
set an arbitrary property value .
get base nuls module object
returns the 0 - indexed identifier
do some runner setup : check that the direct runner is not used in conjunction with streaming , and if streaming is specified , use the dataflow runner .
create a test pipeline that uses the dataflow runner so that group by key is not expanded .
returns the next token .
initializes all trees for iterative traversal .
publishes the event to the registered result partition writer instances .
removes the client for the given connection id .
called when it ' s ready to load accounts from config holder # config ( ) .
gets the menu service associated with this menu .
create a thread - backed delayed write action .
report the folder defined for output / saved files
claim the next batch of sequence numbers for publishing .
construct a new redis advanced cluster async connection impl .
can be overridden in order to construct a subclass of redis advanced cluster async connection impl
returns default storage directory for temporary ( runtime ) data source snapshots
returns default storage directory for temporary ( runtime ) data source snapshots
checks if the specified offset is valid for this date - time .
is a transition occurring on the local time - line .
a transition may be a gap or overlap and is normally caused by daylight savings cutover .
gets information about the transition occurring on the local time - line .
determine a readable name for a given class object .
a string array will have the formatted name " java . lang . string [ ] " .
reads the configuration from context and creates the appropriate meta - data structures .
render a set of route definition
returns average record size in bytes .
copies a file to folder with specified copy params .
downloads resource as byte array .
binds a validator to an attribute if validation fails .
sets the chosen options .
updates the options panel .
sets the parsing options .
get the string resource for the given combination of class , key , locale and style .
the information is obtained from a resource bundle associated with the provided class ( or one of its super classes ) .
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ?
returns the number of favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ?
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the number of favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
load configuration if present , and startup the router with the help of the router lifecycle manager .
dissociate a router id from the corresponding graph / services object , and disable that router id for use in routing .
retrieves the trusted public key for a user .
returns the fully qualified index including a remote cluster alias if applicable , and the index uuid
a path resource resolver for resolving resources on the file system
determine what the namespace uri for this vocabulary is
link . linking mode # legacy _ fully _ static .
looks for all resources and providers declared as inner classes of the subclass of this class and adds them to the returned resource config ( unless constrained to client side ) .
test of get averages by threads method , of class dot chart colored row .
close ui _ buffer if open , removing it from both full _ names and fragments .
returns an iterator over generated entries .
a factory method , that generates a sort field instance for sorting prefix encoded long values .
returns a schema .
gets the underlying swap .
at the same time , we also check whether the preview is valid before going to the next step .
output the sql type for a java long string .
gets the current time as an instance of .
sets the time to live for documents in the collection
revoke privileges on table from user or role .
grant privileges on table to user or role .
this method specifies if the import should include turn costs ( and thus also restrictions ) if available
maps fully qualified class names to their serializers .
the method first looks up any explicitly registered file extensions first and then falls back on media type factory if available .
get a list of data source processors .
local disk , local files , and
returns the current timestamp with microsecond precision via a system call to gettimeofday , through jnr c library .
tests that if there is no elresolver the standard coercions will be invoked .
example - metric registry name - " io . statistics . primary _ key _ idx " .
drops all objects ( tables , views , procedures , triggers , . . . ) in the configured schemas .
builds the drop statements for database objects in this schema .
generate the statements for dropping all the objects of this type in this schema .
generate the statements to clean the routines in this schema .
generate the statements to clean the views in this schema .
generate the statements to clean the tables in this schema .
sets the tool class by name .
returns the left side bearing of the first character of string .
the left side bearing is calculated from the passed in
enables the # content merge checkbox if the selected submit type allows the usage of content merge .
reads all posed tasks of a project .
parse the specified readable .
computes a metric identified by its code on a class ast node , possibly selecting metric options with the options parameter .
add the mbean info for a single mbean
accept the request do nothing with it but write the flush acknowledgement to # read autodetect results ( )
parses provided content .
parses revealed conditional comment start .
sets a filter to use on the feedback messages model
returns the hacky static - injected injector containing bindings from whichever injector happened to install soy module first .
returns the soy integer value .
visits an incremental html close tag node , which occurs when an html tag is closed .
the difficulty is because soy proto value currently depends on its soy type for field interpretation .
returns this soy file ' s name .
returns the type node .
may be null if type parsing failed .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration and import weights .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration and ( optionally ) import weights .
print context counts - -
recursive search for all # yaml _ files _ pattern in provided base path
instantiate an object of user ' s program class and call # run user program ( spark program ) to run it
seek can not pass the end of the file .
otherwise , replaces a . to string ( ) with arrays . to string ( a ) .
creates the directory to use for the plugin registry .
returns the length of this duration in nanoseconds expressed as a .
please note that you must specify a map implementation that iterates the filter mapping in the order of insertion such as linked hash map .
registers our message bundle .
concatenates a filename to a base path using normal command line style rules .
javabean tester cluster stats .
if the corresponding type is a component type , then apply type # replace across the component subtypes but do not replace the component value itself .
get a sequential sub range list from the available range list , all the values in the sub range are bigger than base value .
simalar to @ see traversable # combine ( bi predicate , binary operator ) but differs in that the first comparison is always to the monoid zero
this allows us to terminate with just a single value
creates a set of clients .
if not successfully started or after closed then this method will return without invoking the agent .
creates a packet out stream that writes to a list of locations .
answer an iterator over the members of this container .
test single client
advances the position until after the next newline character .
the meta - property for the curve currency property .
roll back to the savepoint that is held for the transaction and release the savepoint right afterwards .
sets the type of exception that this filter will handle
get the user type associated with an image processor
get the user type associated with an image plus .
object which wish to receive events must be annotated with the event handler annotation .
tests that the apply method of the is called exactly once per unique value
the worker is considered to be valid when its files have not changed on disk .
for package names which include multiple dots , dots after the leftmost are removed .
so for example a spring version of version is converted to version so you can assert that it ' s > = version ( so above version and less than version etc ) .
removes a given scorer from the heap by placing end of heap at that position and bubbling it either up or down
creates a class for computing the image gradient from an integral image in a sparse fashion .
this is done by combining it with values of new object ( ) . hash code ( ) :
need to parse only grid gain hadoop and ggfs classes .
tests attempting to acquire a lock .
utility method to get a string short report line from reporter
prepares the handover object for the query so it can be used by other shared group ( in a different thread ) .
this method is called by game to update bullet status
updates the currently visible chunks ( in sight of the player ) .
takes focus from current focused widget ( if any ) , and sets focus to provided widget
get the response that this task finished with .
convert # get response ( ) from xcontent to a map for easy processing .
idf ( doc freq , doc count ) ;
in addition , collection statistics # doc count ( ) does not skew when fields are sparse .
if there is no session , no action is taken unless the always create session property is set , in which case a session will be created if one doesn ' t already exist .
loads file , invokes code completion at marker and verifies the resulting completion variants as strings .
creates new group with provided name & type
build a response with message and status .
sets the given directories to by loose include directories that are only allowed to be referenced when headers checking is headers checking mode # loose or
default file name is . / demo / food mart create data . zip
this functions returns the list of preferred coordinators .
enables the apply button if anything changed .
this is set in the laf properties with the key .
intended to be used when moving hdfs connector out of the sqoop driver to its own connector .
if not , throws a runtime exception .
same as await ( 1 ) .
sets the timeout ( in seconds ) until which the conditions have to be satisfied .
defaults to one second .
sets the initial delay ( in seconds ) before first evaluating the conditions .
repeatedly evaluates the specified conditions until they are satisfied or the specified timeout ( in seconds ) has elapsed .
sets the delay ( in seconds ) between successive evaluations of the conditions .
defaults to version seconds .
alias for # within ( double , groovy . lang . closure ) .
gets the currency pair for which the sensitivity is presented .
the meta - property for the currency pair property .
sets the currency pair property in the builder .
get preisaufschlag .
set preisaufschlag .
set festpreis .
get festpreis .
set lazy load failure flag .
populate set of type qualifier annotations for given annotated object , taking into account annotations applied to outer scopes ( e . g . , enclosing classes and packages . )
populate a set of type qualifier annotations representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given
populate a set of type qualifier annotations representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given method parameter .
resolve a raw annotation value into a type qualifier annotation , using given set to remember previously resolved instances .
resets the loader ready to read a new data set using set options
always indicates that more results are available , unless the batch is limited to fewer than v1 beta3 . read # query _ batch _ limit results .
skip whitespace starting with the supplied position .
appends the prettified multi - line hexadecimal dump of the specified direct buffer to the specified string builder that is easy to read by humans .
returns a hexadecimal dump of the specified direct buffer that is easy to read by humans .
removes a package from the package repository .
returns a position expression for the specified range , or an optimized boolean item .
tries to add the given expression as a predicate to the loop expression .
the constructor to be invoked is chosen using the normal overloading rules ( \ ufffd \ ufffd \ ufffd15 . 12 . 2 ) .
computes the volatility sensitivity to the model parameters by means of central finite difference .
all the nodes that have been pushed since the node was opened are made children of the conditional node , which is then pushed on to the stack .
retrieve the table that the txn tried to access that generated this exception .
rrd datasources must be less than 21 characters in length , so work to strip out the names to make it shorter .
not ideal at all , but works .
the complexity constant c . ( default 1 )
- n
otherwise , the given message or payload is wrapped into a generic deadline message as its payload .
return an object [ ] comprising the individual results .
update the system version of the concourse server installation to version .
returns visible and non deleted values deltas for the data kind this section represents .
serializes an object into a byte buffer .
the object has to implement interface serializable or externalizable
gets the provider which returns instances of t .
sets a custom service load balancer to use .
sets a custom service load balancer to use .
sets a custom service load balancer to use .
gets the key store path .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether offsets and payloads are required .
terms enum # postings ( bits , postings enum , int ) .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether freqs are required .
terms enum # postings ( bits , postings enum , int ) .
get postings enum for the current term .
returns the wrapped postings enum .
returns the wrapped postings enum .
call each main class and let it tidy up e . g .
locks a block if it exists , throws not found exception otherwise .
releases a lock by its lock id or throws not found exception .
gets the metadata of a block given its block id .
returns a set of numbers whose size equals the number num and whose values range from 0 to " population " .
action icons don ' t appear for feeds or discover posts or when logged out , otherwise they appear only if the user can act upon them
returns an appropriate class loader that represents all the collected class loaders using the current access control context .
import static ratpack . rx . rx ratpack . as promise ;
static class async service
exec result > result = exec harness . yield single ( execution - > as promise ( service . observe ( " foo " ) ) ) ;
get the base url that this http config describes , using localhost
creates a classifier subset eval with j48 as classifier
creates a classifier subset eval with j48
creates a wrapper subset eval with j48
returns a json containing the failed pseudowires and the reason that they failed .
obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is scoped in the current scope , if any .
returns an instance of this class based on what configuration says our driver should be .
sets the pattern of task identifiers .
in case the idp is not present ( wasn ' t loaded from any metadata provider ) runtime exception is thrown .
returns the icon which is correct for currect state of tab at given index
requests navigation to the given nav destination # get action ( int ) action , appropriate for the current location , e . g .
get a typed instance .
answer an iterator over the ontology classes to which this individual belongs .
the members of the iterator will be ont class objects .
any existing statements for the rdf type will first be removed .
if this individual is not a member of the given class , the operation has no effect .
answer true if this individual is a member of the class denoted by the given class resource .
tries to restore the current tab from given intent extras .
if that fails , uses the last known selected tab .
puts definitions for xml wrapper .
returns signaling whether the shards content for the given shard can be deleted .
the scoping module or quote
construct new service definition .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
print the frames version of the html file header .
called only when generating an html frames file .
calculates the model matrix for this transformation object .
all command responses are cached in the command ' s raft session context for fault tolerance .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the edt thread .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the edt thread .
returns if no scope data exist .
emits a message containing a profile measurement and the profile configuration .
every tick just before world and other ticks occur
every tick just after world and other ticks occur
return a new loader for a script using the compiler ' s specified painless lookup .
will check to see if the class has already been loaded when the painless lookup was initially created .
anchor text for a painless field .
pick the javadoc root for a painless method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a painless method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a painless field .
emit a painless class .
if the plain painless class is primitive or def this just emits the name of the struct .
pick the javadoc root for a painless class .
anchor text for a painless method .
anchor text for a painless class .
pick the javadoc root for a painless field .
returns the entries the given entry contains .
returns the entries the given entry contains .
get the type of the mob being hatched ( creature type . chicken by default )
plain reference manager . refresh listener instance to configure .
the merge node for this phi .
this is always equal to the initial capacity of this deque less the current size of this deque .
note that you cannot always tell if an attempt to insert an element will succeed by inspecting remaining capacity because it may be the case that another thread is about to insert or remove an element .
returns true if this deque contains the specified element .
suppose x is a deque known to contain only strings .
the following code can be used to dump the deque into a newly allocated array of string :
returns true if this queue contained the specified element ( or equivalently , if this queue changed as a result of the call ) .
process messages as received from the user ; 0 - successful 1 - failed fetching categories
this selects the date - time immediately after a gap and the earlier offset in overlaps .
if you simply want to use the later offset at overlaps then call zoned date time # with later offset at overlap ( ) immediately after this method .
returns the amount to scroll horizontally when the mouse wheel is scrolled .
returns the amount to scroll vertically when the mouse wheel is scrolled .
returns the first operation in this call site descriptor ' s potentially composite operation .
returns the error message to be used when call or new is used on a non - function .
returns the named operand in this descriptor ' s operation .
for call sites without named operands returns null .
sorted database versions :
get the suspicions as reported by a specific server .
get all of the servers which suspect a specific member .
returns true if field keyspace is set ( has been asigned a value ) and false otherwise
prior to api level 23 , font resources with more than one font in a family will only load the font closest to a regular weight typeface .
creates a delegate restlet server .
creates a delegate restlet container .
creates a delegate restlet container .
creates a delegate restlet server .
gets the user name provided by the user as part of the authentication process .
returns this statistic ' s statistic category .
updates the question number of a feedback question .
updates the feedback question number , shifts other questions up / down depending on the change .
find history record from the time when the given segment was sealed .
method to check scale operation can be performed with given input .
note that one agent throwing an exception on close will not prevent other agents from being closed .
appends the given array to this chars ref
the resulting identifier will have the individual identifiers normalized into alphabetical order .
creates the edges and nodes files from the specified osm file .
in case there is a column with more gaps it will be shrinked ( moved to free pool ) .
insert a gap in one of the structures in a random position of the alignment .
the distribution is not uniform , because positions with higher average distance to their aligned neighbors are more likely to be gapped .
the output will uses the " natural " plain reporting currency reporting currency .
obtains an instance specifying the functions , reporting currency and additional parameters .
gets the reporting currency , used to control currency conversion , optional .
combines the parameters with another reporting currency and set of parameters .
return the desired tps text field property value .
returns a join type , never null .
returns a join condition type , never null .
waits if necessary for the computation to complete , and then retrieves its result .
clears values for this partition .
gets the unique identifier of this deployment .
report the assigned minimum threshold .
this method returns entire resultset with one column as a list .
this method returns the value of the first column of the first row .
prepares a component for calling any pending state updates on it by setting the tree props which the component requires from its parent , setting a scoped component context and applies the pending state updates .
removes all the telegrams from the queue and the registered listeners for all the messages .
get the redirect action computed for this client .
utils . missing value ( ) if the area is not available .
method used to assert that an expected activity is currently active with the possibility to verify that the expected activity is a new instance of the activity .
prints the list of normalized points from the given list of submission data .
set the print writer which will receive a detailed log of the types which were examined in order to determine serializability .
it ' s better to get the sub - readers and iterate through them yourself .
execute some code , expressed via a shutdown resource manager executable , while the resource manager is shutdown .
once the code has finished , the resource manager is restarted ( even if an exception occurs ) .
returns the list of values in this time - series .
the date and value collections must be the same size .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ retries times until it succeeds .
if a commit fails , it will be retried up to # max _ retries times .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from cloud datastore will be thrown .
note this is before the fragment ' s # on attach ( activity ) has been called ; all you should do here is parse the attributes and save them away .
number java . util . date
tests if specified path points to root node of a device or it ' s subtree .
clicks the sort by name button .
clicks the sort by id button .
clears whole the file , fills with zeros for default mode .
modifies this collection by removing the elements that are matched according to the specified closure condition .
modifies this collection so that it retains only its elements that are matched according to the specified closure condition .
gets the value of the deployed property .
packs a directory of tiled maps , adding properties to improve the speed of the tile map renderer .
also runs the texture packer on the tile sets for use with a tile atlas
the default behavior is described in affinity key mapper documentation .
the default behavior is described in affinity key mapper documentation .
requests affinity function and affinity key mapper from remote node .
resets the connection leader and members .
resets the member iterator .
returns the set of members in the cluster .
resets the member selector .
there is no concept of a block in oss and the maximum size of one file is 5 gb .
create a compound stats for all the constituent pattern rides of this ride .
m connected devices is empty .
one hands free profile bluetooth device is available and activated
preference summary should be the activated device name
more than one hearing aid profile bluetooth devices are available , and second device is active .
preference summary should be the activated device name
preference summary should be the activated device name
preference summary should be the activated device name
returns a human readable string summary of the preamble state of the given byte array .
loading complete ( ) is called by form loader task once it has finished loading a form .
create a query for matching an exact big integer value .
this is for simple one - dimension points , for multidimensional points use # new multi range query new multi range query ( ) instead .
sugar : encode n - dimensional big integer values into binary encoding
create a query for matching a network address .
create a prefix query for matching a cidr network range .
get the value of log ( n ) , fetching it from the cache or computing it afresh
in some cases , a http action may be thrown :
returns the physical read i / o - access of this heap .
notifies the resource listeners that recovery has completed
notifies the resource listeners that recovery has started
returns the gradle coordinate id ( ex .
collects and processes all the rule and attribute documentation in input dirs and generates the build encyclopedia into the output dir .
adds a file to the classpath if it exists .
adds a file to the classpath if it exists .
get default cmd from init cmd
load proxy schema sharding rule configuration .
get proxy available data source parameters .
convert yaml to schema data source parameter map .
convert schema data source parameter map to yaml string .
convert yaml to proxy proxy server configuration .
create a parent jsonobject named name + key _ array .
create a parent jsonobject named key _ array
callback called by instance when disposed .
process the artifact instance in the eam db give a where clause
process the artifact instance in the eam db
returns the text content of the given element ( without the appropriate quoting ) .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
utility method for converting an set to a bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
disposes the connection associated with this stream response .
decode the bytes and returns its value .
create mime specific error record .
get if outline mode is enabled .
if enabled , the html output methods will consider all tags as block .
checks the accept header to see if clients accept the correct media type
load markup and add a modification watcherto the markup resource .
submits the get response to async request response handler so that it can be sent ( or the exception handled ) .
checks reactions of all methods in admin blob storage service to bad async request response handler and rest request implementations .
when this function returns , the response may not be sent yet .
tracks the state of the async request response handlers provided as input and periodically reports how many of them are alive and well .
sets up the mock request response handler controller that netty message processor can use .
returns a resource manager options instance that sets the host to use the mock server .
for shitlist renderer in router console .
if the highest bucket id is below the # hash _ table _ shrink _ limit multiplied with the hash table capacity , then the hash table will be shrinked .
updates the digest with a string using utf8 encoding .
updates the digest with the varint representation of a long value .
updates the digest with the varint representation of input .
sets the control dispatcher .
sets the control dispatcher .
although it may seem that re - parsing is bizarre , but it is one [ of not so many ] ways to do proper marshaling .
this kind of inefficiency will only hit query constraints that have many object with custom marshaling , which considered to be a rare case .
returns a char config that matches any character present in the given character sequence .
give this frame the processing icon set .
creates a new glow offline player instance for the given glow player profile .
look up the glow player profile for a given uuid .
look up the glow player profile for a given uuid .
returns a glow player profile for each player whose uuid is in the list file .
returns the leader ' s global index .
sets the maximum segment size , returning the builder for method chaining .
sets the log name , returning the builder for method chaining .
returns the log serializer .
sets the maximum segment size .
sets the log serializer .
sets the log serializer , returning the configuration for method chaining .
sets the maximum log segment size , returning the configuration for method chaining .
returns the maximum log segment size .
sets the maximum number of allowed entries per segment , returning the configuration for method chaining .
returns the entry term .
sets the entry term .
returns the maximum size of the segment .
force rebalance .
type - safe overload of # read values ( json parser , java type ) .
type converter for an int to a state .
type converter for a state to an int .
returns a directory with the given name in the private cache directory of the application to use to store retrieved media and thumbnails .
this implementation moves the updated entry to the end of the list .
processes a specified file and reports all errors found .
checks that each java file in the fileset has a package . html sibling and fires errors for the missing files .
downloads content of url to output file atomically .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
links node as last element , or returns false if full .
call the next interceptor in the chain .
trigger the execution of this step
create a command configuration .
gets metadata for the specified kind , returning null if nothing registered
determines whether the given set of annotations describes an http request parameter of the given name .
r language definition and internals version
navigate to a destination from the current navigation graph .
navigate to a destination from the current navigation graph .
navigate to a destination from the current navigation graph .
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating to a destination .
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating to a destination .
loads mime type info from the file ' mime . types ' in the classpath , if it ' s available .
serializes this processing result to an xml writer .
returns a list of extensions in this map in tag order .
returns whether this toolchain supports interface shared libraries .
get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying services hk2 services container .
hands over the response to the associated put operation that issued the request .
create a new point builder from a coordinate
name of the google cloud project that stores the data and will run the code
gets the mime type of a file , detecting it if it is not already known .
detects the mime type of a file .
generates the drop statements for xml tables .
generates the drop statements for database objects of this type .
returns the number of b b b servers where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns all the b b b servers where active = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the b b b servers where active = ? .
removes all the b b b servers where active = ?
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns a range of all the b b b servers where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the number of b b b servers where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
removes all the b b b servers where active = ?
returns a range of all the b b b servers where active = ? .
useful when paginating results .
returns all the b b b servers where active = ? .
access a list of content entity objects ( resources and collections ) in this path ( and below ) if the current user has access to the collection .
by default , standard skylark convention is used , i . e . , double - quoted single - line string , as opposed to standard python convention , i . e .
loads a script by calling load script file ( clazz , null , dir )
gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = artifact name .
the user configures - default , which will delete all the default parameters
prompts for file name to save an image .
gets the user - visible description of the route .
sets the user - visible description of the route .
convert the table lower case .
convert the table to lower case .
lists all files ( including subdirectories ) in the directory .
unhides a page for any user who doesn ' t have site . upd
checks if users can see a page or not
expert : directly set the maximum number of merge threads and simultaneous merges allowed .
poll returns non - null when the returned task is completed
timed poll returns non - null when the returned task is completed
checks if the name is composed of all numbers .
sets the identifier of the msn registration account .
returns the identifier of the msn registration account .
checks whether any of the protocols ' above ' provide evt _ type
check whether any of the protocols ' below ' provide evt _ type
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by async sinks .
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by async sinks .
execute a program defined by the args array with default stream sinks that consume the program ' s output ( to prevent it from blocking on buffers ) and then ignore said output .
gets this component ' s path .
gets the current session object .
it is here to satisfy the interface only , as bookmarkable links will be dispatched by the handling servlet .
applies the property expression on the model object using the given object argument .
if the resource key contains property expressions and the model is null then the returned value is the actual resource key with all substitutions undertaken .
if it ' s " deployment " ( which is default ) , deployment settings are used .
if development is specified and a " source folder " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes .
converts the given value object to class c .
takes a class and a relative path to a class and returns any class at that relative path .
gets the tag name part ( eg ' form ' in ' html : form ' or ' form ' )
see task # get default authentication ( ) for the contract .
creates a new byte key backed by a copy of the data remaining in the specified byte buffer .
returns a read - only byte buffer representing this byte key .
throws a non empty exception exception when number > 0
throws a non empty exception exception when number > 0
sets the primary election .
wrapper to open a package , which works around shortcomings in java ' s this ( ) constructor calls
gets the value of the sections property .
gets the value of the entities property .
entity independent meta - data sections gets the value of the sections property .
remove all stored cite keys , resulting in an empty group .
if set is not null , characters between start and end are chosen .
split the collection of provided bar sticks ( used by bars builder ) .
split the collection of provided vertical sticks ( used at every run of verticals builder ) .
mines the nonce for the specified block with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( )
when mined the block ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated
mines the nonce for the specified block with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( )
when mined the block ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated
format a warning string in the proper warning format by prepending a warn code , warn agent , wrapping the warning string in quotes , and appending the rfc 7231 date .
usually called once the structure of the mining schema + derived fields has been determined .
return the configured buffer factory , never null .
configure the data buffer factory to use for write i / o .
by default this is set to default data buffer factory .
buffer size , evaluator class and location info .
this invalidate all invocation is potentially time consuming as we will block for 500 mseconds for additional cassandra clients to be returned for cleanup .
the assignment _ status .
if one is not initialized then a new one is created if the new configuration is different in metadata conf vars , or the owner will be different then a new one is created .
gets collection of good example instances .
return the property that triggered the lazy load .
serialize this instance as binary to output stream .
adds a mapping from an ontology iri to an ontology document iri which has a base of this mapper and a specified local name - in other words the document iri will be determined by resolving the local name against the uri base of this mapper .
convert the specified map of wire attributes to a case insensitive map of wire attributes of message attribute format ( by adding a namespace prefix ) .
resolves the first bound for the type variable , returning unresolved . class if none can be resolved .
if no arguments can be resolved then unresolved . class is returned .
subscribes to this completable and calls the given action when this completable completes normally .
returns a completable instance that runs the given action for each subscriber and emits either an unchecked exception or simply completes .
scheduler : from action does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
calls the unsubscribe action if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
calls the unsubscribe action if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
updates the time zone of a specific standard or private tag
helper function to a list of tuples according to an expression .
randomly selects a variable and assigns it to a value randomly taken in the domain .
returns grouped variables .
casts the specified value or checks its type .
evaluates the variable and returns the resulting value .
binds the specified value to the variable .
get all annotation annotations that are present correctly handles bridge method methods generated by the compiler .
return tidy markup in the default format as org . w3c . dom . node
get the number of bytes in buffers that are allocated to this stream .
get the expression to evaluate before indexing
set the grouping - string for the query .
returns true if the promise shortcuts with the same package name exists on the workspace .
table supports only sizeable . units _ pixels , sizeable . units _ percentage and sizeable . units _ rows .
gets the parameter grouping operations object to access its operations .
gets the xms client request id operations object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in method operations object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in credentials operations object to access its operations .
gets the skip url encoding operations object to access its operations .
gets the header operations operations object to access its operations .
gets the api version local operations object to access its operations .
gets the api version default operations object to access its operations .
gets the http success operations object to access its operations .
gets the lros operations object to access its operations .
gets the lros custom header operations object to access its operations .
gets the lroretrys operations object to access its operations .
gets the lrosads operations object to access its operations .
gets the paging operations object to access its operations .
gets the group operations object to access its operations .
this is necessary to make sure children are coming right after their parents .
rq headers . smart can find single header .
rq headers . smart can find default header .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate only .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate , skill modifiers and perks .
a test to ensure the method time zone . in daylight time ( ) is working correctly ( for the last 10 years ) .
start a new server instance .
clears all managed elements if last check removed .
get mengen probe .
retrieve listing of secrets and metadata
returns the first biological assembly that is available for the given pdb id .
if it is not available , the asymmetric unit will be returned , e . g .
return the set of matched classnames in lexographical order .
deletes the specified panel .
get the channel uri for this channel .
adds a sensor trigger .
gets the current list of sensor triggers in this experiment for all sensors .
verifies that ignite out of memory exception is thrown when cache is configured with too small memory policy .
get the names of all charsets supported by class .
throw a datastore exception with failed _ precondition reason and the message in a nested exception .
see also # copy ( double [ ] , int , int ) .
try to convert the object to a double .
this method is called when a nio server socket channel is being registered with the selector .
adds an interest in accepts for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects and reads for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
checks for an interest in writes for this selection key .
removes an interest in connects , reads , and writes for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in writes for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
adds an interest in writes for this selection key while maintaining other interests .
intended for use by unit test environment to reset the environment to a clean state .
retrieves the collection - roles for the bags encountered .
returns absent if it can ' t be acquired .
finds a spawning point .
returns the structure id .
leave out of type signature to avoid confusing the guava type inference .
the appropriate object writer will be read from the buffer by reading the 8 - bit signed integer from the start of the buffer .
returns a class name property .
reads the entire input from the given reader and parses it as json .
security context holder as we are logging out a session that is not related to the current user .
looks up handle for a dynamic method call , with lambda replacement
load yaml server configuration .
convert server configuration to yaml string .
convert yaml to server configuration .
called when a key is de - pressed .
returns the next combination of array index values .
get the ' grant schema ' right of this object .
sets the background color of the search orb .
from name , prepend path elements to try to find the actual file intended , and use the resulting fully - qualified name to initialize the file .
set the size of the indent in characters .
add to the current indentation until it is reaches " column " and push it on the indentation stack .
set the top - most indent to the column the cursor is currently in .
set the top and bottom offset for this view offset helper ' s view by an absolute amount .
set the left and right offset for this view offset helper ' s view by an absolute amount .
if the block is not on the top storage tier , promote this block to the top storage tier .
load the url into the webview .
update data source configuration .
enables the console reporter for the given metrics registry , and causes it to print to stdout with the specified period and unrestricted output .
else it will try to return the download url .
if the download url is not given , it will use the title of the feed .
else it will try to return the title .
if the title is not given , it will use the link of the entry .
returns an array of values at the given quantiles .
returns the value at the given quantile .
set the verbose flag for verbose output of search algorithm to stdout
registers the execution state listener object for this vertex .
unregisters the execution state listener object for this vertex .
get the mc mmoplayer of a player by a partial name .
binds global configuration data prior to entity binding .
appends the given strings , then a newline .
creates a new soy file supplier given a resource url .
returns the first key .
null if there is no escaping mode for the given node .
returns the path to the source soy file ( " unknown " if not supplied ) .
retrieves the list of delegate template divisions ( sorted in descencing priority order ) given a delegate template key ( name and variant ) .
returns a map from delegate template key ( name and variant ) to list of delegate template divisions , where each list is sorted in descending priority order .
selects a delegate template based on the rendering rules , given the delegate template key ( name and variant ) and the set of active delegate package names .
called when the renderer is unprepared .
generic verify dsa _ sha1 , ecdsa , or rsa
sets the percent free capacity threshold below which a warning is issued .
sets the eviction threshold count above which an error is issued .
monoid add = monoid . of ( 1 , semigroups . int sum ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
gets the immutable list value of enchantments on item stacks .
gets the immutable list value of enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
gets the list value of enchantments on item stacks .
gets the list value of enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
the enchantment type level is varied based on vanilla mechanics .
creates a new bi consumer that takes the provided enchantment type and applies it to the generated item stack .
the enchantment type level is defined by the variable amount provided .
respond an unstructured data with reactive streaming .
respond an unstructured data with reactive streaming .
respond an unstructured data with reactive streaming .
recursively collects property descriptors for all properties exposed by the given type and all its super interfaces .
convenience wrapper for # encode into array ( double , int [ ] )
this can be used in conjunction with # pprint ( int [ ] , string ) .
listen for a message on a channel group .
listen for a message on a channel group .
refer to mime message producer helper # produce mime message ( email , session )
this creates a protobuf message containing a client protocol . message
process block hash request sends a requested block to a peer if the block is available .
returns the minimum version between the 2 .
all indices that were created before elasticsearch v5 . 0 should be re - indexed in elasticsearch 5 . x before they can be opened by this version of elasticsearch .
if the server advertises cli endpoint , returns its location .
creates a monitoring timestamped index using the current template version .
calls the super method and reads the parent distance of this entry from the specified input stream .
calls the super method and writes the parent distance of this entry to the specified stream .
the user specified one , if set for a war project , null ( it must be inherited from base image ) for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
the user specified one , if set for a war project , null ( it must be inherited from base image ) for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary and the possible charset .
a snapshot is disconnected from the world that it was taken from so changes to the original block do not affect the snapshot .
calls the mapper function on the world and position .
calls the mapper function on the world and block position .
create a new instance with a new world .
calls the mapper function on the world and biome position .
calls the mapper function on the world and chunk position .
gets a locatable block if the parent world of this location is a world .
returns true if this location is in the given world .
gets the underlying world .
note : this can be null if the world is unloaded and garbage collected .
creates a restclient .
triggers event indicating that another jvm is now part of a cluster .
returns the icon - path .
returns the sub - title info .
set the table name .
get the list of entities based on a reference and supplied search , passes through to the ep methods if available , returns the list of entities in the form retrieved
checks that the group ' s declared environments are legitimate same - package environment rules and prepares the " fulfills " relationships between these environments to support
to preserve the difference between empty list and null when optional
returns a jaxb sax source .
returns a sax source .
returns a link for a given base url and parameters .
parse the parameters provided by the extension .
the parameters are provided in a large string property of the extension object .
calculates the absolute path from a base to a relative target location .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . until ( end instant , seconds ) .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . until ( end date , days ) .
for example , the amount in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . until ( end time , hours ) .
for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . until ( end time , hours ) .
there are then four sections , each consisting of a number and a suffix .
at least one of the four sections must be present .
for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . until ( end year , decades ) .
in strict mode , no era is assumed and the year _ of _ era is left untouched .
the era value is a valid era number , - 1 . . 2 .
checks if this unit is a time unit .
resolves this field to provide a simpler alternative or a date .
it is designed to allow application defined fields to be simplified into more standard fields , such as those on chrono field , or into a date .
this is not the way to get a graph store for sdb or tdb - an sdb store object is a graph store no conversion necessary .
by default , it returns the given password .
a convenience method to add a prefix name to prefix mapping
default cache implementation : uses roaring doc id set .
it pings remote host ( clients3 . google . com ) at port 80 every 2 seconds with 2 seconds of timeout .
observes connectivity with the internet by opening connection with remote host
retruns iff the given class is a registered for an exception to be read .
create a default config merger for calculating the config tests .
allows generating a date exactly as it would be outputed by the elasticsearch date helper .
this helper internally uses the jvm ' s timezone to format dates , so the actual output depends on the platform and cannot be stored as a constant string .
create a new element by tag name , and add it as the last child .
add a node to the last child of this element .
returns the module instance .
request removal of all definitions .
request un - deployment of an existing resource .
create a new resource definition .
request un - deployment of all resources .
request deployment of an existing definition resource .
historical and transactional reads are still allowed , but we remove the read - committed or unisolated views from the cache once the index has been dropped .
returns a send request suitable for broadcasting to the network .
defaults to # default _ facet
selects facets to return for the domain .
disconnect and reconnect the master client , in case the master changes .
removes the type information from the entire conversion result .
if none of the configured realms successfully authenticates the request , an elasticsearch security exception will be thrown .
get the index of the attribute used .
sets index of the attribute used .
combines this bloom filter with another bloom filter by performing a bitwise or of the underlying data .
determines whether a given bloom filter is compatible with this bloom filter .
not be the same instance have the same number of hash functions have the same bit size have the same strategy have equal funnels
combines the two bit arrays using bitwise or .
connects to service app ' s media session2 provider service .
connects to service app ' s media session compat provider service .
connects to client app ' s media controller2 provider service .
connects to client app ' s media controller compat provider service .
get a path to draw a standalone previous connector .
get a path to draw a standalone value input connector .
destroys any managed services ( those started by this process and represented in # running processes ) , but leaves the zookeeper and jini services for last .
retrieves the jmx attribute value .
utility method to return an immutable copy of a given list .
total negatives true negatives + false negatives
returns metadata policy for this map .
sets the metadata policy .
see metadata policy for more information .
creates a ref watcher instance and makes it available through
returns the executor service used by this client to execute async requests .
if there are more log streams to list , the response would contain a next token value in the response body .
you can also limit the number of log streams returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
you can provide an optional time range to filter the results on the event timestamp .
you can limit the streams searched to an explicit list of log stream names .
if the response includes a next token , then there is more data to search , and the search can be resumed with a new request providing the next token .
the response will contain a list of searched log streams that contains information about which streams were searched in the request and whether they have been searched completely or require further pagination .
the limit parameter in the request .
a destination encapsulates a physical resource ( such as a kinesis stream ) and allows you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events of a different account , ingested through put log events requests .
if there are more log groups to list , the response would contain a next token value in the response body .
you can also limit the number of log groups returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
every put log events request must include the sequence token obtained from the response of the previous request .
an upload in a newly created log stream does not require a sequence token .
the log events in the batch must be in chronological ordered by their timestamp .
if there are more metric filters to list , the response would contain a next token value in the response body .
you can also limit the number of metric filters returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
you can provide an optional time range to filter the results on the event timestamp .
get log events requests to paginate through events in either forward or backward direction .
you can also limit the number of log events returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
metric filters allow you to configure rules to extract metric data from log events ingested through
if there are more subscription filters to list , the response would contain a next token value in the response body .
you can also limit the number of subscription filters returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
if there are more destinations to list , the response would contain a next token value in the response body .
you can also limit the number of destinations returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .
subscription filters allow you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events ingested through
arn of this destination .
arn of this destination .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc specifying when this destination was created .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc specifying when this destination was created .
filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results .
filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results .
filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results .
a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery .
a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery .
return whether conversion between the source type and the target type can be bypassed .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged .
derive the model attribute name for a method parameter based on :
the parameter @ model attribute annotation value the parameter type
returns true if in editing title , description , or activator view , false otherwise .
change current selected column .
picker shows multiple items on selected column if picker has focus .
picker shows multiple items on all column if picker has no focus ( e . g .
returns number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s not activated .
changes number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s not activated .
returns number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s activated .
changes number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s activated .
sets maximum value of the column .
sets minimal value of the column .
get total items count between min value and max value .
return string format to display label for value .
for example " % 02d " .
set string format to display label for value .
for example " % 02d " .
returns all runtime parameters of this action .
return an empty collection if the action doesn ' t take any runtime parameters .
checks if the number of references of the database in the pool is correct .
returns the balance of an account within the specified time range while taking sub - accounts into consideration
check that the given auth info is present for a resource being transferred .
check that the given auth info is valid for the given domain .
writes a new state to zookeeper .
paths updated : + / tasks / id / state
- dmockserver . server port = - override the default port - dmockserver . log level = - override the default logging level
consumes the unescaped content of an sei nal unit , writing the content of any cea - 608 messages as samples to all of the provided outputs .
runs the viterbi algorithm on the sequence model given by the tag scorer in order to find the best sequence .
no module properties provider object .
creates a new object .
register a combine fn as udaf function which can be used in group - by expression .
the alignment is definitely added if there is another read with the same name .
if we haven ' t seen another read like that , the record is added with some probability according to reservoir sampling
determines the implicit receiver of a select expression that accesses the given symbol by simple name in the given resolution context .
serialize current pings to a list .
retrieves the cached layer for the layer with digest layer digest .
retrieves the cached layer that was built from the layer entries .
retrieves the cached layer for the layer with digest layer digest .
verifies that cached layer corresponds to the first fake layer in # set up .
verifies that cached layer corresponds to the second fake layer in # set up .
the current position of the buffer that has been used by accumulate operations .
the client protocol buffer that encapsulates the internal buffer .
returns the deepest mount point the given path is nested under .
the resource key must be of the form : [ form - name ] . [ component - name ] . [ validator - class ] .
check to see whether the two compressed bitmaps contain the same set bits .
check to see whether the two compressed bitmaps contain the same set bits .
tests that a cli call with a custom savepoint directory target is forwarded correctly to the cluster client .
creates a new core , publishing the core state to the cluster
returns an id with the market data feed market data feed # no _ rule .
gets the number of columns in the results .
gets market data feed system that is the source of observable market data , for example bloomberg or reuters .
the meta - property for the market data feed property .
tests that failures are built for ids with no market data feed and the delegate builder is used for all others .
tests the correct market data feed is set when converting observable keys to ids
tests mapping of observable keys to ids when no market data feed is specified
gets the market data feed from which the market data should be retrieved .
the field name containing the data is field name # market _ value and the market data feed is market data feed # none .
returns an iterator over a snapshot copy of this group ' s collected events sorted by their arrival time .
returns a snapshot of collected events in this group sorted by their arrival time .
polls the messages list for it to grow to a given minimum size at most timeout time units and return a copy of what we have so far .
get a list of assignments in the gradebook in the specified site , sorted by sort order
scans the web application ' s sub - directory identified by root path , along with its sub - directories , for tlds .
the / web - inf / classes and / web - inf / lib sub - directories are excluded from the search , as per the jsp version spec .
returns an immutable map of the functions that must be provided by the environment running this model
returns an immutable map of the functions that are part of this model .
note that the functions themselves are not copies and not immutable - they must be copied before modification .
check that the deprecated name " edge ngram " throws an error for indices created since version
check that the deprecated name " n gram " throws an error since version
translate targetfeatures to htscontext
create a simple unindexed property value node with a root ( basically meaningless ) path
tests that older checkpoints are not cleaned up right away when recovering .
sets the minimum standard deviation .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
returns a consumer that checks that a particular druid query is generated to implement a query .
initialize .
the output value is the nodeid & partitionid of the responsible node followed by serialized value returned by make value ( ) .
the get a frame
this method is supposed to be invoked from parameterized job mix in # do build ( stapler request , stapler response , time duration ) .
gets the language customization id .
set the language customization id .
confidence scores are returned only for the best alternative and only with results marked as final .
timestamps are returned only for the best alternative .
executes termination callback in edt when the server is shut down .
make sure that the image analyzer listeners get setup as early as possible , and do other setup stuff .
this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation on the image analyzer module class
note that this assumes that within the folder ' input folder ' 23 p - instances are located with their original name , i . e .
p01 , p02 , . . . , p23 .
tk retry can retry when initial take fails once with ioexception , till retry count is reached .
changes the accessible object accessibility and returns true if accessibility was changed
get the properties for a given group defined in the data schema as being stored in the accumulo timestamp column .
this method takes a store and the name of an iterator to be updated .
the store ' s configured gaffer . accumulostore . key . iterator setting factory factory will be used to create the new iterator in the removed one ' s place
returns the solution for printing purposes .
returns the deviations in each equation for printing purposes .
creates an all different constraint subject to the given condition .
returns newly created port pair id object .
returns newly created port pair id object .
returns a configuration that is this configuration augmented with modules induced by the service - use relation .
service binding works by examining all modules in the configuration and its parent configuration with module descriptor # uses ( ) service - dependences .
returns an immutable set of the read dependences for a named module in this configuration .
each root module is located using the given before finder , or if not found then the parent configuration , or if not found then the given after finder .
build a criterion that uses sub - selects to match the given tag restrictions
this function is called to refresh all conductors in the world .
it expects a string with multiple paths , separated by the system dependent path separator .
the engine will interleave the execution of num threads concurrent instances of the state machine .
the last state of a state - machine is special , it finishes the task and makes the thread ready for a new task .
note that alpha and beta are not actually correctly recovered in this pon via mle because the biases are drawn from a mixture of gamma distributions ( as opposed to a single gamma distribution as assumed in the model ) .
this is received from the controller after a node neighbor update request is made .
utility method for showing synchronization errors .
converts a rating index from 1 to 10 into the localized string representation .
any other value will return the rate action string .
at first stage the only table in ii is fact table , tables
generates a multi point to single point intent with filtered connection point .
tests the compilation of an intent which designates two different ports on the same switch .
generates single point to multi point intent with filtered connection point , and the specified traffic selector and intent constraints .
sets out of memory handler to be used when an out of memory error is caught by hazelcast threads .
closes the given stream .
the snippet has failed , return with the rejected snippet
returns the first available upload service post url .
clone given keyed object and replace its key by given key .
helper method for # get nodes ( com . addthis . hydra . data . tree . read node , string )
locate the tooltip for given element
fits polygons to found contours around binary blobs .
kill the event .
converts a list of expressions to java source code , optionally emitting extra type information in generics .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( insertion order preserving )
adds the initialization parameter with the given name and value on this filter .
the number of used bits .
sets the time offset in seconds .
returns the default loader class name of a cms mount point object .
returns the default loader id of a cms mount point object .
load synonyms with the given synonym map . parser class .
sets the ' use library ' libraries or sdk add - ons as library dependencies .
optional call to warm the codec cache for a given mime type .
retrieves an collection of adapter config in a given namespace that use the given template .
retrieves the adapter config specified by the name in a given namespace .
register the supplied extension using the plain position # default default position .
if the extension is an extension , it will be registered in this registry , unless an extension of the given type already exists in this registry .
some type 1 fonts have an invalid length1 , which causes the binary segment of the font to be truncated , see pdfbox - 2350 , pdfbox - 3677 .
creates a message consumer resources with a dedicated session required for transacted and in out consumers .
opens the underlying proxy client .
does three simplifications to const / let / var nodes .
visits a union type element by calling visit unknown .
this implementation visits a union type by calling default action .
the port that the embedded server listens on .
returns the unwrapped key ' s type element for a map given the annotation mirror of the key .
gets the virtual machine extensions operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine extension images operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine sizes operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machines operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine images operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale set vms operations object to access its operations .
gets the usage operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale sets operations object to access its operations .
gets the availability sets operations object to access its operations .
gets the management locks operations object to access its operations .
gets the features operations object to access its operations .
gets the tags operations object to access its operations .
gets the resources operations object to access its operations .
gets the resource groups operations object to access its operations .
gets the providers operations object to access its operations .
gets the deployment operations operations object to access its operations .
gets the provider operations metadata operations object to access its operations .
gets the deployments operations object to access its operations .
gets the resource provider operation details operations object to access its operations .
gets the subscriptions operations object to access its operations .
gets the tenants operations object to access its operations .
gets the storage accounts operations object to access its operations .
retrieve an entry from the configuration using an application name as an index .
refresh and reload the configuration by re - reading all of the login configurations .
for adding cc compilation infos that affect compilation , e . g : from dependencies .
adds or refreshes a path on the list of recent files .
loads an extended property file and performs unescaping of " , " and " = " entries .
gets the cache for current cache id , with binary mode enabled .
the default access type for the beans in this class .
the default policy is standard connection handling policy .
get information about plugins and modules
returns true if e1 and e2 have equal stack traces and their causes are recursively equal ( by the same definition ) and their suppressed exception information is equals .
retrieves and decodes the base32 - encoded totp key associated with user having the given user context .
if no totp key is associated with the user , a random key is generated and associated with the user .
executes an operation to the raft cluster .
navigates to first clause in # clause list .
toggles timer and updates elapsed time .
reference to the rest response channel that can be used to return responses to the client .
at this point the required rest request handler and rest response channel are obtained and the same instances are used throughout the lifetime of the channel .
sets the request handler .
returns this with the specified optional conditions .
returns this with the specified mandatory not conditions .
returns this with the specified mandatory conditions .
returns the lucene query represented by this search , with the additional optional data range filter .
returns the names of the involved fields when post processing .
adds the specified sorting fields .
returns a new search builder using the specified querying condition builders o be used in scoring .
returns a new search builder using the specified filtering condition builders to not be used in scoring .
set new video driver to be used by webcam .
parses the http response headers to create a new account object .
returns next values .
indexes the specified key and value .
indexes the specified key and value .
if the key has already been indexed , its value is added to the existing value array .
compresses and adds a value to the specified array and returns the resulting array .
resizes the specified array if no space is left .
stores the specified length value in the first bytes of the specified array .
compresses and stores an integer value to the specified byte array .
creates a compressed representation of the specified value .
creates a new number array , in which the first four bytes contain the number of occupied bytes .
decompresses and returns a value from the specified byte array .
starts the application with the specified bean class and bean modules .
filter must have the same size , hash function count and n tweak or an
gets a navigation entry for a starndard section ( folder ) .
api to access a space preference as a int number there can be one preference object per language this function will find the right preference object associated to the current active language if no preference is found it will look for the xwiki preference
returns a mutable builder , with the valuation date set , for building a new instance of market environment .
adds and loads glyphs for a beatmap ' s unicode title and artist strings .
create the mocks and find the fields annotated with test subject
the length of the previous array that was sorted
the key corresponding to the inclusive lower bound for the iaccess path if there is no lower bound .
given date , convert this instance to a slashified regular expression
given date , convert this instance to a slashified regular expression .
creates an exo player instance .
indicate if can skip fields
computes the minpts - nearest neighbors of a given object in a given database and inserts them into the nn table .
fields containing the following characters after normalization are filtered out before indexing : ` # ` and ` , ` .
if this parameter not specified , then all top - level fields are included .
attempts to extract the name of the parent stream segment for the given transaction stream segment .
this method returns a valid value only if the transaction stream segment name was generated using the generate transaction stream segment name method .
attempts to map a transaction stream segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) .
attempts to map a transaction stream segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) .
the segment aggregator contains a stream segment seal operation or merge transaction operation ( has seal pending = = true )
executes a merger of a transaction stream segment into this one .
this stream segment is stand - alone ( not a transaction ) .
the next outstanding operation is a merge transaction operation for a transaction stream segment of this stream segment .
the entire contents of the given transaction stream segment will be concatenated to this stream segment as one unit .
the given transaction segment will cease to exist .
tests that transactions are mapped to the same container as their parents .
given a list of log operations , calculates the final lengths of the stream segments that are encountered , by inspecting every stream segment append operation and merge transaction operation .
updates the given container metadata to have a number of transactions mapped to the given stream segment ids .
a set of stream segment seal and merge transaction operations ( based on the transaction ids and merge transactions arg ) .
tests the accept method with merge transaction operations .
tests the merging of transactions into their parent stream segments .
parses and returns a string result .
creates a new leader election with the given cluster configuration .
blocks until the condition is opened or until timeout milliseconds have passed .
replaces the field with a new pushbutton .
regenerates the field appearance .
this won ' t have any effect , unless you use regenerate field ( " f " ) after changing the property .
get the current playback info for this session .
playback info # playback _ type _ local playback info # playback _ type _ remote
overridden to handle the encoding of the iv for the index .
factory for mock ivs .
factory for ivs .
factory for mock ivs .
factory for mock magic tuples based on mock blob ivs .
random non - sid iv .
so build a mapping between number and its index .
lists all available virtual machine sizes for a subscription in a location .
lists all available virtual machine sizes it can be resized to for a virtual machine .
creates new criteria entry for location geo box bounding box
note : this will not find inner types .
sets the text cursor to the specified position .
returns the measure displayed in the column .
macro for payloadscorequery
adds an element to the document .
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various neural nets and output layer
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various neural nets ( w , hbias not vbias ) and output layer
this involves computing the activations , tracking the last neural nets weights to revert to in case of convergence , the learning rate being used to iterate and the current epoch
base class for initializing the neural nets based on the input .
method to attempt freezing a bvalue , to disallow further modification .
the same partition key must be used while sending these events using event hub client # send ( event data batch ) .
perform this chain of actions on the performs touch actions .
tell whether this file can be uploaded to its update site note : this does not check whether the file is locally modified .
get the name of the content author of the current document for security checking .
gets the value for the duration before the " expiration " occurs .
returns the unique key of the specified configuration subject .
get specific network configuration for a subject key .
upload specific network configuration for a subject key .
upload mutliple network configurations for a subject key .
get all network configuration for a subject key .
clear specific network configuration for a subject key .
clear all network configurations for a subject key .
invokes command callback # on success ( command message , command response message ) with given result on the wrapped callback .
returns the serialized meta data of the serialized reply message .
returns the payload revision of the serialized reply message .
returns the serialized payload of the serialized reply message .
if both a regular expression and a glob pattern are specified the glob pattern is used and the regular expression is ignored .
constructs an configured aspect .
in the example in the introduction , the raw type is array list not list .
fill all # default _ cache _ names .
create cache configuration .
the entire volume of the given extent should be populated .
test of autoconf analyzer # accept ( file ) .
increments the sender ' s highest delivered seqno by 1
convert a matrix to an ndarray .
returns the given value in nanocoins as a version type string .
calls # get submitted file name ( ) .
called when an item of the quality selector or the playback speed selector is selected
test whether the parser reads minimal dna sequences .
the sequence prototype was generated by writing in embl format a dna sequence originally read from a fasta file ( " > lcl | test . 0 | no sequence " ) .
read a dna file , return a rich sequence
get period type .
set period type .
generate code that loads this node to the stack , not constraining its type
pop a type from the existing stack , ensuring that it is numeric .
get the property name
set the number of properties assigned to the this object in this function .
get the label name
checks whether a given target is a jump destination that lies outside a given split node
gets cassandra snapshots from repository
restores new cassandra snapshot
adds a long value to the bottom of the context list
pushes a long value to the top of the context list
adds a string to the bottom of the context list
pushes a string to the top of the context list
appends the suffix of the first default file suffix to the given resource name if no suffix is present and the append suffix option is checked .
returns document counts for each partition .
returns documents grouped by partitions .
the account directory structure of seafile is like this :
min video kbps if no value was set , return - 1
find and return an appropriate attribute parser for a set of types , or return null .
insert / delete operations on a trie structure leaves the old nodes in cache , this method scans the cache and removes them .
create a new sslsocket factory based on the provided configuration .
close the auto closeable objects and ignore any exception or null pointers .
selects methods that are constructors .
see # emit and aggregate changes ( identity , long , time unit , scheduler ) .
this is a variant of collapse operator ( see # collapse ( identity ) ) , that accepts nested lists of change notifications .
it is equivalent to joining sub lists into single list and applying # collapse ( identity ) transformation , but by combining both steps it is more efficient .
factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml document instance from a filename in the vfs , using the request attributes as cache .
depending on the case it might be one of the two provided objects , their copy or their merge result .
returns right resizable element identifier .
returns left resizable element identifier .
returns the first region found with the specified name .
this method uses string comparison to find the region , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method multiple times .
returns all regions with the specified name , ordered by smallest to largest atlas region # index index .
this method uses string comparison to find the regions , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method multiple times .
returns the region ' s height .
returns the region ' s width .
assign a collection of glyphs as textual element
assign a shape to a glyph
returns a list of meta information about all known runs of the given job type .
create a new dependency from a json element .
stores the alluxio configuration to the target
starts both master and a worker using the configurations in test conf respectively .
applies a route for an interceptor if an exchange is send to the given endpoint
creates and adds an interceptor that is triggered when an exchange is send to the given endpoint
get a typed instance .
set ertrag netto .
get ertrag netto .
sets the chosen parser .
if neither the adaptor nor one of its delegates can provide an instance of the specified type , null is returned .
the method validates connections between inputs and outputs of the modules participated in a rule .
inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction .
inserts an item into the list box , specifying an initial value for the item .
generates a list of assignment grade records .
the number of points earned is equal to the index of the grade record in the list .
calculate the mean score for students with entered grades .
returns true if field temp ufs file id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
creates a try expression representing a try block with any number of catch statements and neither a fault nor finally block .
creates a statement that represents the throwing of an exception .
upcalled from native when tracing to get fd of the # trace stream .
creates an json path configuration that uses the specified object de - serializer as default .
returns the log storage level .
sets the log storage level , returning the configuration for method chaining .
sets the log storage level .
opens the segments .
add the selected features for the segmentation model
sets the output file for the report .
get access to the exception
obtains the list of user roles based on the current user ' s j2 ee roles .
searches separately for types / effects and values , since these are in different namespaces .
wrap arguments in double quotes if they contain any of : space ? , ; ^ & | " and if escape vars is true , % followed by a letter .
jenkins does not seem to require this extra escaping so it is not added by this method .
if escape vars is true , a % followed by a letter has that letter wrapped in double quotes , to avoid possible variable expansion .
it consults registered commands and looks for the builder command annotation .
gets a list of namespaces and paths depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter .
this does not mean that the traverser is " dead , " only that it has successfully passed through a traversal .
are we showing all posts with a specific tag ( followed or previewed ) , or all posts in a specific blog ?
gets the generator given an annotations definition .
sets tags ( key and value pairs ) to the assessment template specified by the assessment template arn .
force refresh of session credentials .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element entry downwards .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( insertion order preserving )
returns true if field std out current batch line count is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns true if field log dir zip written is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
prepend statements to the statement list
flag this node as resolved or not , i . e .
better version of the world . is block indirectly getting powered ( ) method that doesn ' t load chunks .
we need to handle all the cases and parse the function name into a capture node model .
returns the format of the audio recorded by this microphone .
creates an alcontext , using the specified device and attributes .
opens a device .
the java 8 spliterator for array list . sublist ( ) is currently not late - binding ( url ) .
we ' d get test failures because of this when we run on java 8 with spliterator delegation enabled .
takes the raw bytes from the digest and formats them .
creates a widget instance according to its class object .
resolves uidl tag name to widget class .
overridden to finalize ; always returns # get resource location ( ) .
a hook that customizes the create price .
returns the modifiable series of parameters .
creates a token stream components which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates token stream components used to tokenize all the text in the provided reader .
creates token stream components used to tokenize all the text in the provided reader .
creates token stream components used to tokenize all the text in the provided reader .
sets the dropdown menu ' s width .
if it ' s not set explicitly then it will be calculated depending on the content ' s width .
returns an mapped field type which has the given index name .
correctly resolve nested paths such as " / products / view . html " and remove any path and or query parameters .
configure the async web request to use .
waits for the local service ' s subprocess to terminate , and stop any possible thread listening for its output .
returns whether the generated notification should be ongoing .
find the best package installer for the given repo package .
open inverse : open _ inverse sexpr block params ?
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it only compares the instant of the date - time .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it only compares the instant of the date - time .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to and # equals in that it only compares the instant of the date - time .
decodes parameters object from the provided url fragment
encodes map into a url fragment and append that to the provided url buffer .
get collection of header names .
returns if a directory is empty , or contains nothing besides subdirectories named and / or .
sets a listener to receive video events , removing all existing listeners .
sets an output to receive text events , removing all existing outputs .
initializes the query .
returns the complete result .
this must be called from the transport thread , since the listener may be called back directly .
this method is used for merging and uses atomic reader # doc values ( string ) by default .
this method is sugar for getting an atomic reader from an index reader of any kind .
filters a nested set of artifact dependencies of the current rule .
returns whether or not the same security context accessor will be used each time # get accessor ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get accessor ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
that is determined by the accessor implementation .
sets whether or not the same security context accessor will be used each time # get accessor ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get accessor ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
if a service can not be started , the program terminates with an exit code of 1 .
supported options are :
supported options are :
redirects the standard input .
by default , system . in is used .
redirects the standard input .
by default , system . in is used .
serialize blob properties to buffer in the # version _ 3
returns the local port of the jetty server .
generate a between predicate for the given dimension column .
generate one aggregation function for the given metric column .
gets a new instance of feedback messages model to use .
enables / disables a button in the specified panel .
we do not infinitely loop on bad inputs if there is no such key , it moves to the key that would naturally follow / succeed it ( i . e .
issue ref : month string mapping
issue ref : day of week string mapping
issue ref : day of week string ranges mapping
issue ref : month ranges string mapping
rewrites itself to either scalar updater , or to the more generic non scalar updater .
set the path to the tesseract executable ' s directory , needed if it is not on system path .
set the path to the image magick executable directory , needed if it is not on system path .
registers a method substitution .
registers a macro substitution .
feeds the module through the module postprocessors .
feeds the module through the module preprocessors .
please note that calling this method does only cause the source # get code ( ) code of this source to be loaded if assertions enabled .
notifies this delegating repository that the given dependent repository has invalidated resources of the given types in the given namespace .
selects the given status in the status menu .
set separator the input file will be split on
the failure cause .
returns a string containing the contents of this byte string in base64 format .
this will override previous value if set already
sets the maximum number of connections to be used for a given route .
sets the default maximum number of connections allowed for routes .
gets the maximum number of connections allowed for a specific route .
if the value has not been specified for the given route , the default value will be returned .
same as # update state ( schedule status , function ) , but uses a noop mutation .
same as # update state ( schedule status , function , optional ) , but omits the audit message .
same as # update state ( schedule status , function , optional ) , but uses a noop mutation .
used when storing search results in the reader post table
checks code generation by performing it once , parsing the result , then generating code from the second parse tree to verify that it matches the code generated from the first parse tree .
this method constructs the application user interface by instantiating controls and hooking up event handler .
create a text box example that includes the text box and an optional handler that updates a label with the currently selected text .
call all history handlers with the specified token .
get page .
run the closure while ignite nodes keep failing / recovering several times .
obtain a runtime delegate instance using the method described in # get instance .
extract a field from an object and convert to something suitable to be passed to sql as an argument .
the returned handler can be adapted to run in
set the four colors used in the progress animation .
set the four colors used in the progress animation from color resources .
returns the sql statement which retrieves all the active sakai sessions from the sakai _ session table based on a join column and criteria .
gets the first # tree _ cutoff artifacts ( relative to # get artifacts dir ( ) .
adds an externally managed course section ( a decorated group ) to a site .
prints a message to the log stream .
returns the node address .
sets the node address .
requests a bootstrap from the given address .
returns the test service for the given address or null if none has been created .
returns the given handler for the given address .
returns a new test messaging service for the given address .
sets the messaging address .
sets the rest service address .
traverses this tree in a specific order .
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary and the possible charset .
ensures that the position attributes of the abstract children of this node are correct .
sets the node metadata .
adds metadata to the node .
returns the node metadata .
returns the node metadata .
sets the node metadata .
currently seems to be required because currently the client startup procedure needs to be decomposed more .
returns the primitive configurations .
sets the primitive configurations .
relocates for / let clauses .
returns the request method conditions of this request key .
if it was , throws a stream error .
returns the server domain name .
sets the server domain name .
returns the server domain .
returns the server domain name .
returns the domain name that received the call .
sets the domain name that received the call .
sets icon for the given component .
extended to write the configuration file in the service directory .
a canonical name entry .
service dir
factory method returns an object that may be used to ( re - ) start a service .
the name of the host on which the server is running .
the configured name for the service a generated service name if no name was found in the configuration .
routes an incoming request by calling internals . route request .
returns the specified expression as normalized database path .
checks nodes for namespace conflicts and duplicate attributes .
initial bottom value : objects have no definitions .
in the case of jdo object store , downcast to persistence and ' look inside ' its state .
appender skeleton , the only recognized options are
delete the given task .
normalize and validate the given value according to the given io . crate . types . data type
sets the function to use to sanitize request , response and trailing headers before logging .
if checking is in progress , return completion version . . .
assertion errors will be suppressed if the execution is not happening within the given time box .
will try to find a value for the given key in the given cache or produce one using the given supplier and store it in the cache .
delegates to the url path helper to determine the context and servlet path .
returns true if call is a call to and the to / from cast types are of multiset types .
for every " - processor " argument in args , replace its immediate successor argument using unabbreviate processor names
find the jar file or directory containing the . class file from which cls was loaded
resource = variable modifiers opt type variable declarator id " = " expression | expression
returns the current minimal update frequency setting in seconds
services should call this at init ( ) to get current setting and use the setting to change notification and data refresh intervals
reactivate this choice point to return new results .
adds standard predefined file types to the in - memory mapping of file type names to predefined file types .
similar to # get recovery ( long ) but throws an exception if no recovery is found
gets the recovery target for a given id .
called a bit later on during initialization to finish loading mods
empty text field on resume and show keyboard
- w classifierstring
- f discretizerstring
( required ) .
format task logs into a list of singularity mail task log for jade to interpret easily .
otherwise it rewinds the iterator to the beginning of the cached list .
supports escaped mustaches after escaped escape characters
informs the truffle dsl that a primitive long value can be used in all specializations where a slbig number is expected .
for example , we do not want slbig number # equals in compiled code but behind a truffle boundary ) .
the slbig number type of
this specialization is automatically selected by the truffle dsl if both the left and right operand are slbig number values .
mark this stream as interesting .
the peer recovery state if this shard recovered from a peer shard , null o . w .
httl . properties : foreach . variable = foreach
retains only users that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , or , that have arrived recently .
retains only items that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , or , that have arrived recently .
does any rule for the given language use multi - file analysis ?
does any rule for the given language use multi - file analysis ?
reset asn . 1 data stream after decryption , remove redundant bytes .
constructs a lock with the specified name .
a create event if the block is new ( is new block ) .
implements # remove block tree ( block ) .
implements # rename variable ( string , string ) .
whether the task should directly publish its output data to the final publisher output directory .
bulk loads the mapping from term to term identifier for pre - sorted , unknown terms into a new index segment written on out file .
decorates a given command .
adds a series of direct input artifacts .
neither the location nor the organization tags should be overridden , since both
returns the ( cached ) subscription store used by this servlet .
sets the subscription store used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
returns the subscription store or null for none .
returns the subscription store used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
subclasses may override by calling the super implementation .
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine eager ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
the instruction that produces the first input to this comparison .
the instruction that produces the second input to this comparison .
the instruction that produces the result for the return .
the instruction that provides the input value to this switch .
the instruction which produces the exception to throw .
test directory creation .
test file and directory creation .
equivalent to new component type [ size ] .
sets array [ index ] = value .
equivalent to array [ index ] = value .
equivalent to array . length .
equivalent to array [ index ] .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
sets array [ index ] = value .
returns a time zone suitable for id , or gmt for unknown ids .
returns an editor for the entry named key , or null if another edit is in progress .
a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the specified protocol type .
normalizes a uri .
returns the tab color class .
create a test object and delete if from index .
inner method , subclasses should actually tell the client get state or whatever to cancel itself : this does not do anything apart from set a flag !
create client .
obtains an instance of offset date from a calendrical .
get singleton instance .
if the string is undefined , returns null .
output stream ) returning a string containing the xmp - metadata of the given collection of bibtex entries .
spaces in keys are replaced by hyphen - minus ( - ) .
sizes ( virtual - size and disk - size ) are returned in bytes
paths ( image and backing - file ) are the absolute path to the file
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter f .
this is called to place a cache of objects into the cache .
creates a new direct candidate generator builder
divide router limit by version for overhead .
returns the current root uri .
does not verify the new page .
finds the row id ( at course page ) number of a course based on course id
does not verify the new page .
finds the row id ( at evaluation page ) number of a specific evaluation based on the course id and evaluation name
return a summary of the contents of this byte string .
prints the stack trace of the to the given
prints the stack trace of the to the given
we don ' t want to ever auto - wire the connection factory from the spring app context ( requires camel version onwards )
returns a collection of legend items for the spider web chart .
normalization ensures that within any group of units with a common base , the smaller units will all have absolute values between zero and that of the next larger unit .
gets the stored fields context .
gets the stored fields context .
evaluate the submit rules .
is this a constant type whose value is true ?
is this a constant type whose value is false ?
retrieve the given annotation ' s attributes as an annotation attributes map .
force rebalance .
convenience method that sets page on response object .
renders response for request .
convenience method that sets page on response object .
actual evaluation is delegated to # generate value ( virtual frame , opt type , rpromise , source section ) .
return null if all went ok . . .
requests to unban the specified user while optionally specifying a reason .
requests to kick the specified user from this guild while optionally specifying a reason .
requests to remove a role from this member while optionally specifying the reason .
requests to add a role to this member while optionally specifying the reason .
returns true if the method m is visible from code in the class from .
gets the recursive count of all mosaics involved ( all levels ) including this mosaic .
returns the rightmost point or double . negative _ infinity in case of no intervals .
returns the leftmost point or double . positive _ infinity in case of no intervals .
used only for stream based message writing .
used only for stream based message writing .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the day - of - month value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the day - of - year value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the hour - of - day value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the minute - of - hour value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the quarter - of - year value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the second - of - minute value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the week - based - year value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the week - of - week - based - year value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract the year value directly from any implementation of , including those in other calendar systems .
prints variables with only one unique value .
registers a new restlet engine .
state of monitoring for the instance .
returns a lock which provides exclusive rights to deploying this application to the given zone .
the default implementation will simply return the given cosbase object .
subclasses should do something specific .
creates a new item with the given id into the container .
adds new item after the given item .
adds new item after the given item .
adds the item property .
removes the item identified by item id from the container .
adds the given item at the position of given index .
removes given item property return if the item property is removed if not .
removes a property specified by the given property id from the container .
validates the given value .
guarantee at least enough content padding to account for the stroke width .
the router code calls this every ' ms ' millisecs .
called after the user authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider ' s site .
on authorization verification , connects the user ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider .
for oauth1 , fetches a new request token from the provider , temporarily stores it in the session , then redirects the member to the provider ' s site for authorization .
called after the user authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider ' s site .
on authorization verification , connects the user ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider
the user has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider from this application .
the user has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider account from this application .
gerrit change id has the form :
performs the actual liquibase task on the database using the fully configured liquibase . liquibase .
performs extra liquibase . liquibase configuration as required by the extending class .
by default this method does nothing , but sub classes can override this method to perform extra configuration steps on the liquibase . liquibase .
converts the input to a piece of a uri by percent encoding the value as utf - 8 bytes .
directory where rotated agent logs are stored .
creates a launcher for the agent .
returns the list of property key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
sets the list of property key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
get index based property value .
creates an int property key value object for the absolute key value .
called when the value for any of the property in parallax source changes .
returns a copy of this local date with the specified date period subtracted .
returns a copy of this local date with the specified date period added .
adds mappings between an input and its liquid
method used to generate a training dataframe to a matrix dataset and extracts its contents to matrixes .
called by the underlying rich text are when user actions trigger browser events , after all the registered listeners have been notified .
called before the underlying rich text area looses focus .
set the filter data for the offset from the given configuration
attempts to login the given user .
the input image must be the entire original segmented image and assumes the outside border is filled with values < 0 .
the value of each region i s reduced by one at the very end .
returns the total number of regions labeled .
segments the image using initial seeds for each region .
this is often done to avoid over segmentation but requires additional preprocessing and / or knowledge on the image structure .
returns the total number of times that cache lookup methods attempted to create new values .
this is defined as total create time / ( create success count + create exception count ) .
runs the data source processor using the settings from the configuration panel .
runs the data source processor the given settings .
runs the data source processor the given settings .
runs the data source processor using the settings from the configuration panel .
seeks for recurring element in a parsed document which are likely candidates for being data records
looks for an element with the given tag name in the tree data being parsed , returning the path hierarchy to reach it .
restore the state of an value range from the stream .
create a threshold barrier that gates on the ring buffer and a list of entry consumers
returns a long value from the specified array .
checking entity 2 lc in a different entity manager session
get qualified column name from output key column names
mark a thread as complete .
adds the paths between index0 and index1 , inclusive , to the selection .
removes the nodes between index0 and index1 , inclusive , from the selection .
returns the paths in the selection .
returns all of the currently selected rows .
verifies the key usage extension in a ca cert .
invoke a reduce function with the given number of parameters
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 . . 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 . . 100 .
this method consumes an input stream and returns its content .
used in predictors that need this data .
return the current starting address .
marks the instance to be reset .
this will cause all properties to be reset to default values , when a value is added by calling the method the next time .
returns a request options object with # transform ( transformation ) set .
returns a request options object with # center crop ( ) set .
returns a request options object with request options # circle crop ( ) set .
returns a request options object with # center inside ( ) set .
returns a request options object with # fit center ( ) set .
execute query that gets only number of all solr files ( not chunks ) indexed without actually returning the files
this will trigger a rebalance operation and records for this topic will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards
the offset used for fetching the data is governed by whether or not # seek ( topic partition , long ) is used .
records for these partitions will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards
get api and implementation external deps .
get api and implementation target deps .
it is called after has ( recursively ) been extended with a value assignment for .
gracefully shuts down the underlying connections via hclient pool # shutdown ( ) .
remove the hclient pool referenced by the cassandra host from the active host pools .
but rules with data binding disabled will fail if data binding expressions appear in their layout resources .
this calls # load container ( uri ) and uses uri # create ( string ) to build the uri .
this is the other way to obtain a container ( the other is # as container ( json node ) ) .
evaluate and return the groups query .
evaluate and return the hash algorithm parameters .
evaluate and return the hash algorithm .
evaluate and return the priority .
evaluate and return the data source lookup .
evaluate and return the caller search base .
evaluate and return the caller name attribute .
evaluate and return the caller base dn .
evaluate and return the group name attribute .
evaluate and return the group search filter .
evaluate and return the group member attribute .
evaluate and return the group search base .
evaluate and return the caller search scope .
evaluate and return the caller search filter .
evaluate and return the group member of attribute .
tests the cookies parsing with basic authentication .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
heapify - down for 2 - ary heap .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as filter .
gets the visit type for an encounter .
verify ltpa token2 is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
verify ltpa token2 is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
get the md5 of the given string key .
connects to supplied host
assumes all attributes are strung ( reading the full data set with get data set will establish the true structure ) .
returns the pre values of all document nodes starting with the specified path .
creates the binary string representation of an ip prefix .
finds an ipv6 bgp routing entry for a prefix in the ipv6 bgp rib - in .
finds an ipv4 bgp routing entry for a prefix in the ipv4 bgp rib - in .
gets the ipv4 bgp rib - in routing entries .
gets the ipv6 bgp rib - in routing entries .
sets total number of crashes on the system .
javabean tester sys info .
reads the parameters .
returns contents of ` custom _ ca . txt ` file from assets as char sequence .
gets the charset name if set as property or header exchange # charset _ name .
gets the url of the icon associated with this node ' s menu entry .
gets this node ' s children , sorted by weight .
the types of the input elements and the output elements can differ
smoothen the raw border as much as possible
determines , if the current memcached nodes configuration is a couchbase bucket configuration ( like e . g .
returns a list of couchbase rest interface uris if the current configuration is a couchbase bucket configuration .
if the component is already present in the tab sheet , changes its caption and icon and returns the corresponding ( old ) tab , preserving other tab metadata like the position .
checks whether the scrollbar ' s handle is visible .
removes and returns the item at the specified index .
removes and returns the item at the specified index .
removes and returns the item at the specified index .
removes and returns the item at the specified index .
retrieves the naming context bound to the current thread .
unbinds a naming context and a class loader .
unbinds a thread and a naming context .
binds a naming context to a class loader .
get all retention leases tracked on this shard .
builds the end html for a block with 3 d border in the dialog content area .
builds the start html for a block with 3 d border and optional subheadline in the dialog content area .
block by parking in a loop
convenience access to the sqlexception helper .
add a channel to this vector , and set it equal to a given value .
the input channel is copied to avoid aliasing issues .
this method delegates to # fast ( vector entry . state ) with state vector entry . state # set .
close all generations .
pop and return the oldest generation from the directory
remove all on - disk generations or die trying .
forget data that follows snapshot txn id
get reference to a specific generation in the directory .
get reference to first generation in the directory
utility method to throw a runtime exception based on the error code and serialized exception details .
return true if this type resolves to a class that represents an array .
it uses " current token " and " expected token sequences " to generate a parse error message and returns it .
updates the num files and total size parameters for the passed table by querying the warehouse if the passed table does not already have values for these parameters .
the names of all registered scale - out indices having the specified namespace prefix .
create a key info bean that contains an x . 509 certificate or public key
the protocols are only sent if the socket implementation supports alpn or npn .
returns the list of . jpi , . hpi and . hpl to expand and load .
normally we look at $ jenkins _ home / plugins . jpi and . hpi and . hpl .
note a plugin package may be composed of more than one plugin , so resources must be added just once for every package .
allows a list to be used as the indices to be used on a char sequence
all the shards ( replicas ) for the provided index .
this method differs from # intersect aab ( vector3f , vector3f ) in that it allows to mask - off planes that should not be calculated .
persistence is performed by startup metadata persister .
prints the ast in ' ascii art ' form to the specified print stream .
sets the should proxy boolean
if this value is true then the request should be proxied after all pre filters have been applied .
replaces the # top _ level _ package _ symbol at the beginning of the given text with the module ' s top - level package
change the follow state of the blog the current post is in
we only verify here that the save document api calls the observation component .
we only verify here that the delete document api calls the observation component .
sends the given message to all vertices that are targets of an edge of the changed vertex .
cancels sync operations .
prevents an observable from erroring by chaining ` on error resume next ` , and any errors that occur will be piped into the supplied errors publish subject .
export an sstable and write the resulting json to a print stream .
export an sstable and write the resulting json to a file .
otherwise , creates an instance of a classname obtained by concatenating the given name to a package name from a given list of package names .
returns the pre values of all document nodes matching the specified path .
returns the database paths to all binary files that start with the specified path .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term .
this may return null , if either the field or term does not exist .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term .
this may return null if the term does not exist .
retrieves the information of the current applied migration .
removes a specific sound level listener from the list of listeners interested in and notified about changes in local sound level related information .
this can use 4 different mechanisms for obtaining a credential :
static method to convert key into an instance of rsapublic key impl or rsaprivate ( crt ) key impl .
put string to preferences
put int to preferences
put boolean to preferences
put float to preferences
put long to preferences
caches original options and assigns runtime options to the specified main options .
method that converts the symmetric units of a structure into different structures , so that they can be individually visualized .
sets the business day adjustment to apply to the start and end dates .
the meta - property for the business day adjustment property .
gets the business day adjustment to apply to the start and end dates .
if sliding window size is 100 and sliding window type is count _ based , the last 100 calls are recorded and aggregated .
if sliding window size is 10 and sliding window type is time _ based , the calls of the last 10 seconds are recorded and aggregated .
returns a new data frame with given string columns converted to nominal .
open an element , appending " " to the buffer .
returns true if this method has a caller sensitive annotation .
otherwise , the files are searched in the application directory ( the folder in which the application code is located ) .
otherwise , the user ' s home directory ( defined in " user . home " ) is chosen .
the ( in process ) iresource lock service .
if there are help files within the extension , they are loaded and merged with existing help files if the core help was correctly loaded .
set the stream id for sending messages to the consensus module .
get the channel parameter for sending messages to the consensus module .
get the stream id for sending messages to the consensus module .
set the channel parameter for sending messages to the consensus module .
get the stream id for sending messages to the consensus module . .
