the name of the method that needs to be invoked on the builder to create the type being built .
the method that can be used to build the type being built .
this should be a public method within the builder itself
paths can be returned just like other return types .
get the last hidden matcher that system used to do a match .
writes a batch of entities to cloud datastore . - - - clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset . clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset .
all entities in the batch will be committed again , even if the commit was partially successful . - - - clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset . clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset .
sets the priority of this audio packet in the range of 1 - max integer value
sets up the channel and prepares to commense processing .
returns all data paths including custom index paths
normalises an attribute name .
assumes that the element name is valid and normalised
the default implementation sets the exceptions as to the component that initiated the exception . - - - gets the contained throwable , the cause of the error .
find the number of leading zeros .
note : this has different semantics to long . number of leading zeros when the number is 0 .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # upgrade ( protocol handler ) on the wrapped request object .
returns the analyzed tokens of the analyzed text , with whitespace tokens removed .
overridden by a method generated for value numberable subclasses .
submits a data source ingest thread runnable to the data source ingest thread pool . - - - cancels currently running operations and starts running the new list of swing workers .
submits a data source ingest thread runnable to the data source ingest thread pool . - - - cancels currently running operations and starts running the new list of swing workers .
sets the dependency set capturing used headers by this compile .
internal method that retrieves the thread - local index for the current template execution .
deletes repomd files - - - returns a list of available systems minus the excludes list execute delete query execute delete query
process es6 checks if the input language is set to at least es6 and a js file has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 checks if the input language is set to at least es6 and a js file has es6 features .
process es6 transpilations if the input language is set to at least es6 and the js file has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 transpilations if the input language is set to at least es6 and the js file has es6 features .
register a new procedure defined with annotations on a java class . - - - register a new function . register a new function defined with annotations on a java class .
this function is for plan translation purposes .
sets the degree of parallelism for the contract represented by this optimizer node .
the degree of parallelism denotes how many parallel instances of the user function will be spawned during the execution .
gets the original pact plan from which this optimized plan was created .
if the value is an avro record type , returns its fully - qualified name .
converts this object to a .
coerce a candidate name for an identifier into one which will definitely compile .
sets the manifest parser to parse loaded manifest data . - - - throws illegal state exception if expression evaluates to false .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
returns the entity as a link set .
enqueues an envelope to be sent . - - - returns true if this state contains no key - value mappings , otherwise false .
returns the file name that matches the given segment name and extension .
tests that index merging ( specifically add indexes no optimize ( ) ) doesn ' t change the index order of documents .
if there are no candidate types , answer ( for historical reasons that may evaporate ) . - - - do not call this . this is here to make modification of legacy tests easier . return an iterator over all the properties of this resource . the model associated with this resource is search and an iterator is returned which iterates over all the statements which have this resource as a subject .
run the stream graph builder on the remote cluster
adds current read header .
helper method to de - serialize an int open hash set . - - - reads the int value at the given document id .
helper method to de - serialize a hash map . - - - reads the int value at the given document id . reads the int value at the given document id . reads the int value at the given document id . puts the specified key into the map . the id for the key is auto - generated as follows : if key does not exist in the map , it is inserted into the map with a new id which is equal to number of elements in the map before the key is inserted . for example , the first key inserted will have id of 0 , second will have an id of 1 , and so on . if key already exists in the map , then it keeps its original id .
compiles the source and populate the registry with suites .
parse arguments and initialize the portability flags global configuration parameters . - - - parses an encoded secret key .
validate that the given spec method model is either static or statically accessible ( i . e .
return the first object that matches the prepared query or null if none . - - - like compile ( database connection , statement type ) but allows to specify the result flags .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared query .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared query .
clusters an instance . - - - update the incremental stats with the current instance ' s values update the incremental stats with the current instance ' s values update the incremental stats with the current instance ' s values adds some output to the current regression output . the accumulated output will provide the material for the regression comparison .
when expunge deletes is called , we only merge away a segment if its delete percentage is over this threshold .
return a new string buffer containing the same contents as the input buffer , except that data of form $ varname have been replaced by the value of that var as defined in the system property .
stores the value in this field on the given instance . - - - generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . see generator adapter # put field ( type , string , type ) see generator adapter # put field ( type , string , type )
the model supports k = 5 . . . 40 .
returns true if field http artifact upload started count is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
evaluate whether given object is within the threshold number of transitive hops .
is t a subtype of or convertiable via boxing / unboxing convertions to s ?
they contain only arcs with relevant shape and of sufficient length . - - - report the ending point at specified end . report the vertical ( algebraic ) distance between staff and the provided point . distance is negative if the point is within the staff height and positive if outside .
when this is set , the writer will flush every max buffered docs added documents and never flush by ram usage .
the default value is 0 ( writer flushes by ram usage ) .
return a mutable , empty builder for a configuration .
returns the stream authorizer associated with this execution .
try todo an optimized " read " of len from the given channel buffer . - - - returns a slice of this buffer ' s sub - region . modifying the content of the returned buffer or this buffer affects each other ' s content while they maintain separate indexes and marks . this method does not modify reader index or writer index of this buffer . also be aware that this method will not call # retain ( ) and so the reference count will not be increased . sets the reader index of this buffer . returns a slice of this buffer ' s sub - region . modifying the content of the returned buffer or this buffer affects each other ' s content while they maintain separate indexes and marks . this method does not modify reader index or writer index of this buffer . also be aware that this method will not call # retain ( ) and so the reference count will not be increased . sets the reader index of this buffer .
the split method returns something that is iteratable such as a java . util . list .
retransmits a packet to # channel .
the file will be a temporary file until # ufs complete file is called .
this will print the to the given output stream . - - - write a single character to the output writer . this will handle printing of a comment . this will handle printing of a processing instruction .
this will write the declaration to the given output stream . - - - write a single character to the output writer . write a single character to the output writer .
utility usable by subclasses when they want to get basic string sorting .
return a page of computer
set the decoder to use .
currently date and big decimal are handled explicitly .
set the index pointing to the header element of the markup
invoked from html header container it ' ll ask all child components of the
this is true for all components added to the header as well .
sets the name in the text view for the given phone call .
convert shortcut action . key combination to key stroke .
the returned collection is unmodifiable .
sets the editor ' s read - through mode to the specified status .
convenience method to create a new ad hoc planned statement .
multiplies the value of this fraction by another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced .
gets the greatest common denominator of two numbers .
divide the value of this fraction by another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced .
adds the value of this fraction to another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced . gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced . creates a reduced fraction instance with the 2 parts of a fraction y / z . for example , if the input parameters represent 2 / 4 , then the created fraction will be 1 / 2 . any negative signs are resolved to be on the numerator .
subtracts the value of another fraction from the value of this one , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the negative ( - fraction ) of this one . the returned fraction is not reduced .
this method makes sense only when called from within the build kicked by hudson . - - - if the calling thread is in the middle of executing a cli command , return it . otherwise null . returns the singleton instance of this class with default schemes and options . suitable for job # get build by number .
we use the environment variables that hudson sets to determine the build that is being run . - - - if the calling thread is in the middle of executing a cli command , return it . otherwise null . returns the singleton instance of this class with default schemes and options . suitable for job # get build by number .
returns a task which flushes a dynamic image resource .
flush any pending assertions or retractions to the database using efficient batch operations . - - - perform truth maintenance for statement assertion . this method computes the closure of the temporary store against the database , writing entailments into the temporary store . once all entailments have been computed , it then copies the all statements in the temporary store into the database and deletes the temporary store . flushes the bit stream . this method will align the stream , write the bit buffer , empty the byte buffer and delegate to the output stream # flush ( ) method of the underlying output stream . this method is provided so that users of this class can easily wrap repositionable streams ( for instance , file - based streams , which can be repositioned using the underlying java . nio . channels . file channel ) . it is guaranteed that after calling this method the underlying stream can be repositioned , and that the next write to the underlying output stream will start with the content of the first write method called afterwards . compute closure as configured . if closure enum # none was selected then this may be used to ( re - ) compute the full closure of the database . perform truth maintenance for statement retraction . when the closure is computed , each statement to be retracted is examined to determine whether or not it is still entailed by the database without the support of the statements that were explicitly retracted . statements that were explicit in the database that are still provable are converted to inferences . statements which can no longer be proven ( i . e . , that are not supported by a grounded justification chain ) are retracted from the database and added into another temporary store and their justifications are deleted from the database . this process repeats with the new temporary store until no fixed point ( no more ungrounded statements are identified ) .
it must be invoked within any method that will read on the database to ensure that any pending writes have been flushed ( otherwise the read operation will not be able to see the pending writes ) . - - - perform truth maintenance for statement assertion . this method computes the closure of the temporary store against the database , writing entailments into the temporary store . once all entailments have been computed , it then copies the all statements in the temporary store into the database and deletes the temporary store . flushes the bit stream . this method will align the stream , write the bit buffer , empty the byte buffer and delegate to the output stream # flush ( ) method of the underlying output stream . this method is provided so that users of this class can easily wrap repositionable streams ( for instance , file - based streams , which can be repositioned using the underlying java . nio . channels . file channel ) . it is guaranteed that after calling this method the underlying stream can be repositioned , and that the next write to the underlying output stream will start with the content of the first write method called afterwards . compute closure as configured . if closure enum # none was selected then this may be used to ( re - ) compute the full closure of the database . perform truth maintenance for statement retraction . when the closure is computed , each statement to be retracted is examined to determine whether or not it is still entailed by the database without the support of the statements that were explicitly retracted . statements that were explicit in the database that are still provable are converted to inferences . statements which can no longer be proven ( i . e . , that are not supported by a grounded justification chain ) are retracted from the database and added into another temporary store and their justifications are deleted from the database . this process repeats with the new temporary store until no fixed point ( no more ungrounded statements are identified ) .
string text = driver . select element ( " id = preformatted " ) . get text ( ) ; - - - find the first web element using the given method . see the note in # find elements ( by ) about finding via xpath . this method is affected by the ' implicit wait ' times in force at the time of execution . the find element ( . . ) invocation will return a matching row , or try again repeatedly until the configured timeout is reached . find element should not be used to look for non - present elements , use # find elements ( by ) and assert zero length response instead . see w3 c web driver specification for more details .
create a new point builder from a geo point
sanitizes a course or team ' s name by removing leading / trailing whitespace .
returns the stream ' s links dirty ( or ) when this method is implemented .
if they are equal , then the come from the same true parent .
see # create one task process ( ) .
collects and emits a tuple to the outputs by reusing a stream record object . - - - sets the value of the designated parameter using the given object .
sets the tuple stored
build a new document from this marshaller ' s document builder factory .
sample from a dirichlet distribution over the given alpha , returning a vector of probabilities using a stick - breaking algorithm - - - return a new empty vector of the same underlying class as the receiver with given cardinality return a new empty vector of the same underlying class as the receiver with given cardinality return the sum of all the elements of the receiver return the sum of all the elements of the receiver set the value at the given index set the value at the given index
key with equal value in store no cache writer
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache writer
key not present in store key with equal value present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store cache writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store key with unequal value present via cache writer
key not present in store cache writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache writer
key not present in store key not present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws cache writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws cache writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key not present via cache writer
key with unequal value present in store cache writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key with unequal value present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache writer
key with unequal value present in store key with equal value present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store key with equal value present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with equal value present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache writer
key not present in store no cache writer
key with unequal value in store no cache writer
key not present in store key with unequal value present via cache writer
key with unequal value present in store key not present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws cache writer . write throws
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with unequal value present via cache writer
exiting the method in an expected fashion .
create a mark filter value transformer .
create a mark filter not value transformer .
flips the region , adjusting the offset so the image appears to be flipped as if no whitespace has been removed for packing .
gets text search arguments .
sets text search arguments .
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename .
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename if present .
construct a fresh scope within this scope , with same owner , which shares its table with the outer scope .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
return code 200
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
return code 200
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
given a list of uuids , get a list of users , sorted .
get the test report data as a string .
current record : 121 ( feb 2010 )
prev : 161 , 127
current record : 103 bytes ( feb 2010 )
prev : 166 , 109
sends the result of the specified text template with an empty parameter map . - - - sends a message via command cause # audience ( ) sends a message via command cause # audience ( )
adds javascript that will be evaluated on the client side
check the client secret . - - - log error .
returns the identity of the remote server as defined in the specified certificate . - - - returns the name of the class that the bean info applies to ( which corresponds to the resource bundle that will be loaded ) . for example , for the class com . foo . example class , the name would be example class . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces .
the identity is defined in the subject dn of the certificate and it can also be defined in the subject alt name extension of type " xmpp " . - - - returns the name of the class that the bean info applies to ( which corresponds to the resource bundle that will be loaded ) . for example , for the class com . foo . example class , the name would be example class . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces .
when the extension is being used then the identity defined in the extension in going to be returned . - - - returns the name of the class that the bean info applies to ( which corresponds to the resource bundle that will be loaded ) . for example , for the class com . foo . example class , the name would be example class . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces .
form component subclass an opportunity to instantiate a model on the fly using the containing form ' s model .
to be called from the receiver to see if a image should be garbage collected .
for a given object value and its supposed type info determine and return its java object representation
terminates the request with an http forbidden response
terminates the request with an http forbbidden response or redirects to login for page requests
calls # go to ( long , long , string , boolean ) with heir fields .
tests if the job result is present .
get the channel associated with this numeric id
obtain statistics for the link represented by path . - - - like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of the asynchronous result
the actual statistics will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , or , if the operation fails . - - - like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of the asynchronous result
obtain statistics for the file represented by path . - - - like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of the asynchronous result
the actual statistics will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , or , if the operation fails . - - - like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of the asynchronous result
returns statistics on the file - system being used by the specified path
the actual statistics are obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called on completion with the result , or , if the operation fails
private helper method for publihing into the filesystem .
test if resource must be written to the filesystem .
choose the new value over the old value .
returns a list with all sub resources of the given parent folder ( and all of it ' s subfolders ) that have been modified in the given time range .
the segment will be locked during update .
factory method for creating a new instance of launcher .
assume that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation - - - make an individual datum out of the data list info , focused at position loc . returns the list of features without values returns the list of features without values
adds a local process to the local controller , the process definition is read from a file .
[ not supported ] returns the input stream , starting from an offset . - - - write trace information as a method call in the form object name . method name ( param ) where the parameter is formatted as a java string . internal . check if this connection is closed . get the input stream
[ not supported ] returns the reader , starting from an offset . - - - write trace information as a method call in the form object name . method name ( param ) where the parameter is formatted as a java string . internal . check if this connection is closed . get the reader
checks whether a cookie value is valid : can ' t contain = or ;
add an ble device . write builder to the write queue .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . ble device . read write listener . type of the write to perform .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . ble device . read write listener for listening to the callback of the write .
june 13 , 2013 ) from timestamp of the form yyyy - mm - dd hh : mm ( e . g .
2013 - 07 - 13 13 : 01 )
service response > @ param account name the azure data lake analytics account to execute catalog operations on . - - - lists the sql databases in this sql elastic pool . lists the sql databases in this sql elastic pool .
set the properties value .
get the properties value .
set the properties value .
get the properties value .
set the properties value .
get the properties value .
set the properties value .
set the properties value .
get the properties value .
set the name value .
get the type value .
get the location value .
set the location value .
set the tags value .
get the id value .
set the name value .
get the tags value .
handles a configure command . - - - commits the given configuration . closes the factory . returns the entry operation .
the default settings are not identical , and certain base cases may not behave in the exact same manner . - - - when a split is made , it may be that outliers cause the split to segregate a minority of points from the majority . the min result split size parameter specifies the minimum allowable number of points to end up in one of the splits for it to be admisible for consideration . sets the minimum number of samples needed at each step in order to continue branching when a split is made , it may be that outliers cause the split to segregate a minority of points from the majority . the min result split size parameter specifies the minimum allowable number of points to end up in one of the splits for it to be admisible for consideration . sets the proportion of the training set that is put aside to perform pruning with . note : the values 0 and 1 are special cases . 0 indicates that no pruning will occur regardless of the set pruning method 1 indicates that the training set will be used as the testing set . this is valid for some pruning methods . sets the method of pruning that will be used after tree construction sets the method of pruning that will be used after tree construction
the default implementation returns an instance of word based parser .
differently from # find ( string ) , only the local entity map is scanned .
differently from # get ( string ) , entity maps of all nodes are scanned .
submits a read to the protocol .
this method initializes split pane - - - sets the name . sets the name .
it expects the transformation to be read from a file which is stored under the ' configurations / transform '
sets the single payment property in the builder . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
the meta - property for the single payment property .
sets the effective date property in the builder . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
sets the scheduled termination date property in the builder . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
the meta - property for the effective date property .
the meta - property for the scheduled termination date property .
the meta - property for the date adjustments property .
sets the date adjustments property in the builder . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
append to the string builder either a select arg argument or a value object . - - - return the value from the field in the object that is defined by this field type . if the field is a foreign object then the id of the field is returned instead .
ensures that all indices are compatible with the supported index version .
closes kafka producer - - - perform a clean shutdown of the cache client . perform a clean shutdown of the cache client .
sets the shape of the legend forms
returns the current shape that is set for the legend
convenience wrapper around get confidence ( ) . get appeared at chain height ( )
returns a string representation of the highest version stored in the config store . - - - get the current version from # config _ store _ metadata _ filename file at # store metadata file path for every copyable file in copyable files checks if a copyable file # get origin ( ) # get path ( ) + . ready files is present on source fs
note this traverses the entire map and calls equals on every value , which may be an expensive operation .
defaults to " store representation " .
defaults to " represent " .
defaults to " initialize " .
defaults to " accept representation " .
defaults to " remove representations " .
we take throws template cacerts . jks , change its password to the master password , and then add in the self signed s1as certificate created earlier . - - - changes the keystore password changes the keystore password location of the keystore file execute the create - security - service admin command . execute the create - security - service admin command . delete the archive delete the archive
in ' append only ' mode existing free space is not reused , but records are added to the end of the store .
creates or open database stored in file .
and reads them into a tree map ( order preserving )
returns the flattened view of the type hierarchy .
return the view portion of lines of text from the underlying file . - - - appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the escapes a string so it may be printed as text content or attribute value in a html page or an xml file . this method replaces the following characters in a string : & lt ; with & amp ; lt ; & gt ; with & amp ; gt ; & amp ; with & amp ; amp ; & quot ; with & amp ; quot ; closes result set , and statement . css class reader . escapes a string so it may be printed as text content or attribute value in a html page or an xml file . this method replaces the following characters in a string : & lt ; with & amp ; lt ; & gt ; with & amp ; gt ; & amp ; with & amp ; amp ; & quot ; with & amp ; quot ;
handles the given download action . - - - logs a debug message . logs a debug message .
if it ' s a remove action then this method cancels any download tasks which works on the same media immediately . - - - logs a debug message . logs a debug message .
called when the download state changes .
returns a progress notification for the given download states .
define the profile configuration file that should be used by this credentials provider .
by default , the result of profiles config file # profiles config file ( ) is used .
override the default configuration file locator to be used when the customer does not explicitly set # profiles config file ( profiles config file ) .
this is only useful for testing the default behavior .
gets the number of bytes expected in the padding length field of the payload .
for frames that include padding , indicates if the # pad _ low field is present .
reads the variable - length padding length field from the payload .
gets the number of bytes expected for the priority fields of the payload .
this is determined by the # priority present ( ) flag .
perform the write of a batch of mutations given a write performer . - - - semantically equivalent to system # nano time ( ) simple method to walk the btree forwards and apply a function till a stop condition is reached private method simple method to walk the btree forwards and apply a function till a stop condition is reached private method takes nanoseconds
use this method to have these row mutations applied across all replicas . - - - write the streams data into the socket semantically equivalent to system # nano time ( ) takes nanoseconds
creates a container instance .
registers the bindings for the container with the platform mbean server . - - - registers all the bindings of an injector with the given mbean server . consider using the name of your root module class as the domain . registers all the bindings of an injector with the given mbean server . consider using the name of your root module class as the domain .
registers the bindings for the container with the given mbean server .
sets the value of the snapshotpriority property .
gets the value of the snapshotpriority property .
sets the leave images .
imports all resources from the real filesystem , stores them into the correct locations in the open cms vfs and modifies all links . - - - deletes a directory in the file system and all subfolders of that directory . deletes a given resource if possible .
sets the leave external links .
sets the leave downloads .
instance . missing value ( ) if the area is not available . - - - returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . . returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . .
import gpx provided via intent of import activity that instantiated this gpximporter . - - - returns this folder ' s type . this value is immutable returns this folder ' s type . this value is immutable
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using a key format .
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using key format .
convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified format . - - - convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified template . it looks up a key manager identified by key template . type _ url , and calls key manager # new key data . this method should be used solely for key management . convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified template . it looks up a key manager identified by key template . type _ url , and calls key manager # new key data . this method should be used solely for key management .
the method wrapper is cached and guarded against the type or number of scopes changing . - - - coerce results to java native iterables , functions , callables .
retrieves the which is mapped to the specified jid . - - - returns true if an internal or external component is hosting the specified address . the jid can be a full jid or a bare jid since only the domain of the specified address will be used to look up the route . when running inside of a cluster the look up will be done in all the cluster . so as long as a node is hosting the component a true value will be returned .
request processing will continue until the channel ( or its underlying connection ) is shut down , or until terminate mainloop ( ) is called .
adds a merged region of cells ( hence those cells form one ) - - - validates the given certificate chain . verify that merged regions do not intersect multi - cell array formulas and no merged regions intersect another merged region in this sheet . adds a merged region of cells on a sheet . return the column of the first cell that contains the hyperlink return the row of the last cell that contains the hyperlink return the column of the last cell that contains the hyperlink
some load balancers don ' t support websockets .
this method does not block .
this method returns true if it adds a resource to the pool .
creates the top and app modules in the case of regular , vr , and wallpapers , and top , mobile and wear modules in the case of watchfaces .
creates a new state log from a named resource configuration .
creates a new replicated state machine from a named resource configuration .
submits a synchronous entry to the context . - - - creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally . sets the node identifier . returns the build version number . deletes the segment . completes writing the snapshot to persist it and make it available for reads . snapshot writers must call this method to persist a snapshot to disk . prior to completing a snapshot , failure and recovery of the parent snapshot store will not result in recovery of this snapshot . additionally , no # open reader ( ) readers can be created until the snapshot has been completed .
creates a new asynchronous boolean , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous boolean , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous map , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous map , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous multimap , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous multimap , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous set , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous set , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
gets an entry from the log . - - - returns the service thread context . reads an object from the buffer . returns the service thread context . returns the service thread context .
unregisters a state command or query . - - - returns the address selector state . removes the member from the configuration . if the member is a part of the current raft quorum ( is an type # active member ) then the quorum will be impacted by removing the member . removes the member from the configuration . if the member is a part of the current raft quorum ( is an type # active member ) then the quorum will be impacted by removing the member .
creates a new state machine , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new state machine , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
gets reddit score .
assume that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation - - - make an individual datum out of the data list info , focused at position loc . returns the list of features without values returns the list of features without values
this function also takes into consideration nodes which are being bootstrapped for the first time , in which case we can safely ignore checking them
taken from org . eclipse . jdt . internal . core . util . util . index of java like extension
registering the same listener multiple times is a no - op .
we separate inter instances already marshaled ( the ' used vertices ' ) from the other instances ( the ' temp vertices ) that are not used out of the sig .
two cookies are equal if the domain , name and path match . - - - two cookies are equal if the name and value match
sets the directory to be used for the temporary files created by the # create temporary file ( ) method .
gets initial naming context from default name service url and default name service type .
return first entity whit given component - - - creates a type handler for the given type t . if the type is not supported by this type handler factory , optional # empty ( ) is returned . this method is usually called only once for a type , so all expensive pre - computations and reflection operations can be performed here so that the generated type handler # serialize ( object , persisted data serializer ) and type handler # deserialize ( persisted data ) implementations are fast .
_ prep message data - takes the mail message and returns a url friendly querystring
set headers - sets the list headers destroys previous header data
_ array to url part - converts an array list to a url friendly string
add to - append an email address to the existing list of addresses
add category - append a category to the list of categories
set to - initialize a single email for the recipient ' to ' field
add filter setting - append a filter setting to the list of filter settings
send - send an email
set category - clears the category list and adds the given category
set reply to - set the reply - to address
set bcc - initialize the list of carbon copy recipients destroy previous recipient blind carbon copy data
returns the classname of the result matrix class , responsible for the output format - - - split up a string containing options into an array of strings , one for each option . if either the second or the third argument are null , the method unback quote chars ( ) is applied to each individual option string . otherwise , the method replace strings ( ) is applied to each individual option string , using the second and third argument of this method as parameters . sets the precision for the means . sets the precision for the standard deviation . sets whether to display the average per column or not . sets whether to display the std deviations or not - always false ! sets whether to remove the filter classname from the dataset name .
this method verifies if the local topology being returned by the discovery service is a viable cluster .
get a client dependency info by the dependency id
generate a client dependency info , which is used for the thrift server .
adds the specified option id and its value to the end of the given parameter list .
adds the specified flag to the end of the given parameter array .
adds the specified flag to the end of the given parameter list .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the end of the given parameter array .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the end of the given parameter list .
override the default census implementation .
creates a stats trace context for an outgoing rpc , using the current census context .
creates a stats trace context for an incoming rpc , using the census context deserialized from the headers .
load the heap dump capture object imported from hprof file .
returns a copy of this with the flavor set to flavor
returns the hardware configuration of this node
the descriptor for the service .
set application state . - - - set this based on the position and angle .
predicts the cluster memberships for a given instance . - - - converts an array containing the natural logarithms of probabilities stored in a vector back into probabilities . the probabilities are assumed to sum to one . normalizes the doubles in the array using the given value .
upload segment using default settings .
gets a value indicating the log address of the data frame that was committed .
sets the operation sequence number in the transaction .
the operation ' s effects are reflected in the pending transaction .
if the given operation is a storage operation , the operation is validated against the base container metadata and the pending transaction and it is updated accordingly ( if needed ) .
if the given operation is a metadata checkpoint operation , the current state of the metadata ( including pending transactions ) is serialized to it .
tests the ability to append to a durable data log .
if the given injector is null or does not generate an exception ( null ) , this method returns a normally completed future with no result .
initialize the annotators at the start of the unit test .
register a file as part of the column set with a given encoding .
check test vector against expected algorithm and version .
this method also finds all meta - annotations in the annotation hierarchy above the specified annotation .
generates a new pair of private and public keys .
asserts that two arrays contain the same elements in the same order . - - - asserts that two float arrays are equal . if they are not , an assertion error is thrown . fails a test with no message . fails a test with no message . asserts that two ints are equal .
asserts that two arrays contain the same elements in the same order . - - - asserts that two ints are equal . asserts that two float arrays are equal . if they are not , an assertion error is thrown .
note : will not terminate for infinite - sized collections .
note : may not terminate for infinite - sized collections .
this method checks dependencies in the " main " and " instrumentation tests " artifacts .
define an in - line route that supports http delete method :
publish static files to the client .
returns an array of simple test names to ignore .
if a simple test that ' s defined by this or by one of its bulk test methods has a name that ' s in the returned array , then that simple test will not be executed .
converts a cql - formatted search query into a format that the x - server can understand . - - - returns a subset of the bytes of the blob as a byte array .
retrieve the configuration value mapped by the specified key as a char array .
adds a task to this thread ' s queue - - - pulses all the sessions
get database connections via sql type .
creates a criterion using the $ ne operator - - - add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
creates a criterion using the $ lte operator - - - add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
creates a criterion using the $ lt operator - - - add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
creates a criterion using the $ gte operator - - - add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
creates a criterion using a $ regex and $ options - - - validate that the specified argument is not null ; otherwise throwing an exception with the specified message . validate . not null ( my object , " the object must not be null " ) ; add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
creates a criterion using the $ gt operator - - - add or update the key with a the given value at the given path add or update the key with a the given value at the given path
set the count .
gets the count .
an optional integer specifying the number of documents returned by the service .
set the type unchanged .
set the category unchanged .
gets the category unchanged .
gets the offset .
set the offset .
gets the type unchanged .
attempts merging the specified segment and the segment before this .
it takes a checkpoint plan and waits for the lineage checkpointing service to checkpoint the lineages in the plan .
return a new instance of this big arrays class with circuit breaking explicitly enabled , instead of only accounting enabled
factory method to create a key value partition writer instance that writes to a new the key - value data in a new file in tachyon .
high end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
high end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
ensure debug id on the current window container .
reads the response body from the given http servlet request .
this method of sending data does not need to know how long the message is . - - - create a proxy for the given rsocket that attaches the stats contained in this instance and exposes them as weighted stats .
determines if this ' if ' statement is part of an ' else ' clause .
during schedule construction , if this is non - null it will be used to determine the schedule . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if null , then the overall schedule end date will be used instead , resulting in no final stub . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
a null stub convention indicates that the convention should be implied from the actual explicit dates that have been specified . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if this property is null , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
during schedule construction , if this is non - null it will be used to determine the schedule . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if null , then the overall schedule start date will be used instead , resulting in no initial stub . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if this property is null , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
determine the type of a field access ( implicit or explicit ) based on the receiver type and the declared annotations for the field ( committed - only ) . - - - adds an annotation to this type , removing any existing annotation from the same qualifier hierarchy first . adds an annotation to this type , removing any existing annotation from the same qualifier hierarchy first . adds an annotation to this type , removing any existing annotation from the same qualifier hierarchy first .
returns the default stats manager .
saves a temporary file associated with the given attachment .
a test case for testing the abstract office viewer # get temporary directory ( attachment reference ) method . - - - asserts that a condition is true . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results . asserts that a condition is true . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results .
returns the filename associated with the tree .
set the name of the file associated with the tree .
add an atmosphere resource config implementation .
configure the list of atmosphere resource config . - - - return an init - param , or its default value . return an init - param , or its default value .
copy bytes from an to chars on a using the specified character encoding . - - - copies bytes from a url to an output stream . this method buffers the input internally , so there is no need to use a buffered input stream . the buffer size is given by # default _ buffer _ size . copies bytes from a url to an output stream . this method buffers the input internally , so there is no need to use a buffered input stream . the buffer size is given by # default _ buffer _ size . copies bytes from a url to an output stream . this method buffers the input internally , so there is no need to use a buffered input stream . the buffer size is given by # default _ buffer _ size .
to speedup builds we only lookup hostname once and cache the result . - - - returns the cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime of a server ) . can take seconds to complete when the cache is cold . returns the cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime of a server ) . can take seconds to complete when the cache is cold .
therefore if hostname changes during bazel server lifetime , bazel will not see the change . - - - returns the cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime of a server ) . can take seconds to complete when the cache is cold . returns the cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime of a server ) . can take seconds to complete when the cache is cold .
if both prefix and suffix are null , the original filename is used , so the directory must not be null .
calls must be in pairs with deserialization context # new memoizing context in the corresponding deserialization code .
uses the xstream by setting the encoding
extracts the path from the shortest - path - tree determined by edge entry .
get block to be evicted by choosing the oldest block in current storage dirs
get removed block ids
get data path on current storage dir
remove a block from the memory - - - tests file and directory creation and deletion . tests file and directory creation and deletion .
get configuration of current dir ' s under file system
get temp file path of block written by some user - - - concatenates iterators . concatenates iterators .
lock block by the user - - - swift http put request . swift http put request . swift http put request . swift http put request .
get configuration of current dir ' s under file system
returns the root name of this resource , e . g .
also add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with proper default values . - - - adds a command option as the user would specify it using the cli command for instance
returns the first interface ip out of a set of interfaces or null . - - - retrieves a list of ip addresses that are assigned to the interface in the order that they were configured . converts an optional to a stream . maps this instance to a match of another type .
this method must be used for tests and assertions only in single - threaded environments .
adds an entry for the given rule to the stack trace of the exception ( if there is one ) .
returns the compute service that matches the given provider or api .
generates invitecodes with the specified quantity .
the execute method does the work .
setter for org mappings
sorts the given list in ascending alphabetic order , using described # get name ( ) as the sorting criteria
formats file permission to human - readable version . - - - appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal .
tests the format utils # format permission ( short , boolean ) method .
tests the inode directory # get permission ( ) method . - - - tests access control list # get mode ( ) . tests access control list # get mode ( ) .
tests the inode file # get permission ( ) method . - - - tests access control list # get mode ( ) . tests access control list # get mode ( ) .
compare pattern matched as a pattern rule name against tree and return a parse tree match object that contains the matched elements , or the node at which the match failed .
does pattern matched as a pattern rule name match tree ?
find out if the request is integral security .
creates a live data of paged lists , given the list config . - - - a maximum size , inclusive
shuts down a task executor service , waiting until all tasks are terminated .
lastly , we only need the extra query if we haven ' t yet got all the expressions from the clause . - - - start the instance with the given system properties , after the instance has started , the properties will be cleared . release any resources held by the stream
factory method for getting a graal runtime instance .
locates an annotation with the specified type from a list of annotations .
returns if an index exists at the specified directory .
internal function that allows throws exceptions .
returns - 1 if the name argument is null or not the name of a framework attribute or resource , or if it is the name of a framework attribute or resource defined in api 1 .
tests write , read , read key
the input stream is guaranteed to be closed at the end of the method . - - - writes the content provided by the given source input stream into the given destination output stream , optionally closing the input stream . sample use : static void copy ( input stream input stream , file file ) throws ioexception file output stream out = new file output stream ( file ) ; try ioutils . copy ( input stream , out , true ) ; finally out . close ( ) ; closes the underlying parser .
persists the selected font size and sends a configuration change .
generate a traversal source using the specified traversal source . builder .
binds to instances from the generator bound to the given type .
binds to instances generated by the given generator .
binds to instances from the generator bound to the given type .
creates a connection from persisted information in the database store , attempting to create a mqtt client android service and the client handle .
get an mqtt service client object to represent a connection to a server - - - writes the specified persistent data to the previously specified persistence directory . this method uses a safe overwrite policy to ensure io errors do not lose messages . writes the specified persistent data to the previously specified persistence directory . this method uses a safe overwrite policy to ensure io errors do not lose messages .
get the mqtt service client identified by this client handle
returns the map of precomputed distances between the database objects .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element o downwards .
if is a check box or radio button , and the border is not painted this returns the inset along the specified axis . - - - returns default border value for the specified key . returns default border value for the specified key .
returns component painter .
sets component painter . - - - updates component with complete border . this border takes painter borders and component margin and padding into account .
sets custom style property for the specified component . - - - adds specified action into map . clears size caches for the specified component applies new component skin . returns previously applied skin if it have been replaced , current skin otherwise . this method is used in uis for initial component skin installation .
applies custom style property to the specified component ' s painter . - - - applies specified value to object field . this method allows to access and modify even private object fields . calls object ' s method with the specified name and arguments . if method is not found in the object class all superclasses will be searched for that method . returns result given by called method .
returns content margin taken from image patches .
produces a new proto2 coder instance , for a given protobuf message class .
deletes a given file id . - - - returns a worker id for a workers net address .
map the " jwk key publish " method to our given url
adds page related parameters ( path and optionally pagemap , version and interface ) .
pushes flow rules to the device to request packets be sent to the controller .
request packet in via packet service . - - - creates a match on eth _ type field using the specified value . creates a match on eth _ type field using the specified value . requests that packets matching to following request be collected from all switches . requests that packets matching to following request be collected from all switches . creates a match on eth _ type field using the specified value . creates a match on eth _ type field using the specified value . requests that packets matching to following request be collected from all switches . requests that packets matching to following request be collected from all switches . requests that packets matching to following request no longer be collected from any switches .
creates an anonymous function , with no arguments to evaluate body .
collects information about the file such as hashsums . - - - get the value of file name .
returns an analyzer for the lucene index .
accessor , only meant to be used by jackson
accessor , only meant to be used by jackson
get the constant value of the expression given the assumptions in the local to constant map . - - - returns the single instance of phase dumper . returns the single instance of phase dumper . sets the value contained in this box as given . subject to can contain value ( ) checks . sets the value contained in this box as given . subject to can contain value ( ) checks . returns the single instance of phase dumper . returns the single instance of phase dumper . returns the single instance of phase dumper .
forwards all intercepted method invocations to a static field of the instrumented class .
returns the responder for generating return values in response to method calls on the mock object .
increment the counter by the given amount . - - - updates the estimator with the bytes of records . indicate that changes have been made to the metric being tracked by this dirty state . should be called after modification of the value .
purge table of older posts - no need to wrap this in a transaction since this is only called from reader database . purge ( ) which already creates a transaction
uses # is valid string ( string ) to validate the value .
adds a field to the metadata
adds a field to the metadata
chooses a number between min and max ( inclusive ) , equally distributed .
initiates read data from the max cube bridge - - - remove a status listener . remove a status listener .
get a child logger relative to this logger .
check whether the given name points back to given alias as an alias in the other direction , catching a circular reference upfront and throwing a corresponding illegal state exception .
stack size : in bytes , as set by the launcher , a zero - value indicates this code determine this value , using a suitable method .
compute the argb pixel that corresponds to the given char
build an image out of an array of strings . - - - report the length of a vector report the length of a vector assign the data .
filter the list to completed builds above threshold . - - - returns true if the build is not completed yet . this includes " not started yet " state .
returns a new http engine that should be used for the retry if e is recoverable , or null if the failure is permanent .
gets ip addresses of the host .
gets location of the host .
performs a full text search against indexed documents returning a hit list .
introspects the specified to obtain the cause using a supplied array of method names .
the standard identifier has a scheme of " open gamma index " . - - - returns a new trade report . returns a new trade report .
if this property is not set explicitly but the channel is managed within a context , it will fallback to a bean named " conversion service " defined within that context . - - - specify the conversion service to use when trying to convert to requested type . if this property is not set explicitly but the converter is managed within a context , it will attempt to locate a bean named " integration conversion service " defined within that context .
test does not pass in eclipse ( because it can not find hornetq - configuration . xsd ) . - - - validate validate
returns true if conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
iraba # search ( byte [ ] ) is not supported because it must be done within a buddy hash bucket boundary . - - - this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure . this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure .
also note that there can be duplicate keys within a buddy hash table . - - - this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure . this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
if the mime type is found , then that mime type is used , otherwise url resolution is used to try and determine the mime type . - - - returns the name of the plugin . returns the name of the plugin . returns the name of the plugin . a facade interface to tika ' s underlying mime types # for name ( string ) method . returns the name of the plugin .
then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given end point .
return the current global scope
sets the swagger parameter allow multiple type .
returns the last value saved in a call to # contains .
the types of the input elements and the output value can differ .
returns a new spill slot or a cached entry if there is already one for the plain trace interval # operand variable .
when set to null , # reset ( ) is called . - - - frees an object from the # get ( class ) pool . called when an object is freed to clear the state of the object for possible later reuse . the default implementation calls poolable # reset ( ) if the object is poolable .
returns whether the node has a date in the half - open interval .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return . - - - assert that an object is not null . build a parameterized type reference wrapping the given type .
return whether conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
set the pre - link filter .
this is a guarded invocation filter that will get the final chance to modify the guarded invocation after it has been created by a component linker and before the dynamic linker links it into the call site .
sets the parallelism of this operator to one . - - - sets the maximum degree of parallelism defined for the program . the upper limit ( inclusive ) is short . max _ value . the maximum degree of parallelism specifies the upper limit for dynamic scaling . it also defines the number of key groups used for partitioned state .
return the async task executor to use for concurrent handling , or null . - - - assert a boolean expression , throwing an illegal state exception if the expression evaluates to false . assert a boolean expression , throwing an illegal state exception if the expression evaluates to false .
does the data frame have an id column ?
invoked on startup to setup the global values . - - - attach ( insert ) an environment as position pos in the search path . todo handle packages
creates a geospatial criterion using a $ within operation
this method uses # create components ( string , reader ) to obtain an instance of token stream components and returns the sink of the components .
removes the endpoint from gossip completely - - - remove | elem | from | btree | . if it ' s not present then return | btree | itself .
get the request priority .
the default implementation assigns the following priorities : 2 - for a authenticated request 1 - for a request with valid / non new session 0 - for all other requests .
this method may be specialised to provide application specific priorities .
attach a new parameter to this result object with the specified name & value .
the validity object will include the item being viewed , along with all bundles & bitstreams . - - - this method will perform the logic needed to update the process object in the database to represent a complete state
set the head element which is the label associated with this referenceset .
the cell that is returned is a cell _ type _ blank .
returns the underlying ctrow xml bean representing this row
test setting and getting numeric values . - - - asserts that two files are equal . throws an assertion failed error if they are not .
sets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit ' . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
gets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit ' .
checks if a given group name is the name of one of the open cms default groups . - - - compares two tools by name . compares two tools by name . compares two tools by name . compares two tools by name . compares two tools by name .
checks if the user of the current database context has permissions to impersonate the given role .
checks if the user of this open cms context is a member of at last one of the roles in the given role set . - - - checks that the current user is a workplace user . checks that the current user is a workplace user .
returns if at last one of the given instances is equal to a group of this role .
tests handling with a deeper level ou . - - - writes a message to the current output stream . writes a message to the current output stream .
get the spec to locate the jmx stream from the given source
see parameters # max frame rate .
set all array elements to null .
sets a field in the given position of a specific record in the batch
writes the binary content of the given bytes ref as utf - 8 bytes - - - syntactic sugar for creating a schema field .
fetches the ( single ) package part which is defined as the supplied relation content type of the base container , or null if none found . - - - retrieve all relationships attached to this part which have the specified type .
set the given field selector to the query
returns a string containing these bytes in hex .
this allows javax . mail . message creation without access to connection information in the caller ( see - - - the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined . the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined .
string to email message on the connection information which only available in this class . - - - the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined . the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined .
will prefix the clause with the given alias if the referenced property refers to a join alias .
set the value for each document at the specified index to the specified value . - - - writes the next int type single - value into the forward index . writes the next int type single - value into the forward index .
for a local cluster reference , the cluster handle is simply the unique cluster name .
gets an invitecode by the specified user id .
lifts a function7 to a higher function7 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a bi function to a higher function2 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component . maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function4 to a higher function4 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function8 to a higher function8 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function5 to a higher function5 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function6 to a higher function6 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function to a higher function1 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component . maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
lifts a function3 to a higher function3 that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using a mapper function for each component .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice between two headings that contain only text .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter twice between two headings that contain only text .
the location on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .
sort components by the number of in and out connections that need to be made
return the geo gig that corresponds to the given repository name .
the node for object instantiation has a non - null type because new can never return null
primitive type variables are always refined to non - null .
if the date matches the key ( case - insensitive ) , the on key match instant is returned , otherwise the parsed instant is returned , taking the timezone offset into account .
gets the option corresponding to the current base _ layer _ source preference .
print and escape summary .
see # append value ( date time field rule , int ) for full details .
the fraction is obtained using date time field rule # convert int to fraction .
see # append value ( date time field rule , int ) for full details .
see # append value ( date time field rule , int ) for full details .
the argument should contain a list of addresses in format described in # write cluster address from ( string ) .
creates a derived file , adds it to the database and returns it .
delete empty directories .
get rollup order from analysis results - - - adds a recorded duration . it ' s basically the same as using time ( ) and then stop ( ) . hereby we can update the time duration by calling just one method . this is used to log the time span of each of the phase during query execution in pinot .
frees ports acquired for the given cluster specification .
the null event logger doesn ' t collect anything .
trigger a rebuild of the whole lucene index . - - - add error .
converts different html special characters into their encodings used in html . - - - converts different html special characters into their encodings used in html .
find a principal for the given email address
also adds all of the parent directories on the extraction path .
returns excerpts for any static methods added by this generator .
make faces of the region ( as if it was a cuboid if it ' s not ) . - - - get the lower point of a region . get the upper point of a region . get the rounded x component of the position vector . get the rounded y component of the position vector . get the rounded z component of the position vector . get the rounded x component of the position vector . get the rounded y component of the position vector . get the rounded z component of the position vector .
get the list of channels in the group
checks if the block type is " natural "
throw a type error ( ecma version )
throw a uri error ( ecma version )
throw a parser exception as the correct java script error
throw a parser exception as the correct java script error
throw a reference error ( ecma version )
throw a syntax error ( ecma version )
throw a type error ( ecma version )
throw a uri error ( ecma version )
throw a syntax error ( ecma version )
throw a reference error ( ecma version )
throw a range error ( ecma version )
throw a type error ( ecma version )
throw a range error ( ecma version )
throw a syntax error ( ecma version )
throw a type error ( ecma version )
throw a uri error ( ecma version )
throw a uri error ( ecma version )
throw a reference error ( ecma version )
throw a reference error ( ecma version )
throw a syntax error ( ecma version )
throw a range error ( ecma version )
throw a range error ( ecma version )
determine whether the class descriptor ultimately inherits from java . lang . throwable
this adds element content to this element .
returns the parent of this element or null if none .
this sets the content of the element .
sets the month displayed at the top of this view based on time .
fills the message instance with the content bodies ( text and html ) .
utility to extract a resource file to a user directory , if it does not exist
uninstalls a single intent by id . - - - returns the intent with the specified identifier . returns the intent with the specified identifier . returns the key for this bi - link . returns the key for this bi - link . returns protocol - mandated contents if any . returns protocol - mandated contents if any .
clears network configuration for the specified subject class .
extracts the value of the property . key # label key from the list of arguments .
extracts the value of the property . key # id key from the list of arguments .
refreshes the list of recent query files .
find the lowest dominating fixed with next node before given node .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
if a commit fails , it will be retried ( up to datastore writer fn # max _ retries times ) .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from the cloud datastore will be thrown .
allows for multiple queries against the same stream - - - load the input stream into memory and return a byte array input stream that represents it . closes the in stream . called every time it is possible to read from the input stream without blocking . the last time this method is called , the value of in . is finished ( ) must be true to indicate that all the stream has been read . prints this throwable and its backtrace to the specified print writer .
merges the given org . apache . lucene . index . codecs . merge state into this doc values consumer .
get the memory needed in mb
moves initialization of the given field to the beginning of the first block of the given method . - - - the groovy ast representation of this node .
builder pattern for the artifact type property .
the date that the code was compiled .
as this is build - in connector it will return same version as rest of the
sqoop infrastructure .
retrieve connector version .
use # is at least ( comparable ) for greater or equal comparison
use # is at most ( comparable ) for less or equal comparison
helper utility for function values wrapping multiple function values
helper utility for function values wrapping multiple function values
performs ocr on an image of a pokemon and sends the pulled info to poke fly to display .
handles a motion event # action _ move event .
handles a motion event # action _ down event .
executes the update query immediately , blocking till completion and returns list of counts of records affected .
returns the settings scope
set highest contiguous term offset field
return highest contiguous term offset field
just compares attribute and value index . - - - get the frequency of this item . get the value index for this item .
this cell is threadsafe , just like a spatial prefix grid is , although cells aren ' t generally threadsafe .
to sort the items retrieved from the rss contact / feed registered as contact - - - sorts the children of this node .
resizes the array .
asserts that two object arrays are equal . - - - asserts that two arrays are equal , according to the criteria defined by the concrete subclass . if they are not , an assertion error is thrown with the given message . if expecteds and actuals are null , they are considered equal .
this method creates a new list data source from a given collection .
the list data source creates a protective list copy of all the contents in the collection .
register the transformers for transforming from current to version management api version , including : use of the virtual _ nodes attribute was again allowed in version , with a value conversion applied
returns a command line that is constructed by appending the args to command line . - - - concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants .
load a configuration file . - - - get the class logger . get the class logger . log a given log record ( should be a elkilog record ) read the current file read the current file convert truth value to a bit . log a message at the ' info ' ( ' verbose ' ) level . you should check is verbose ( ) before building the message . log a given log record ( should be a elkilog record ) read the current file log a given log record ( should be a elkilog record ) log a given log record ( should be a elkilog record ) convert truth value to a bit .
reconfigure logging using a configuration file .
tests that , under protocol versions lesser that v4 , it is not possible to execute a prepared statement with unbound values .
note that we have to force protocol version v3 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
note that we have to force protocol version v3 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
test whether the argument is a java keyword
only year , month , day , and hour granularity are supported .
asks user to choose destination , then extracts file / directory to destination ( recursing on directories ) - - - loads a given sqlite driver , establishes a connection to a given database , and creates a statement for the connection . loads a given sqlite driver , establishes a connection to a given database , and creates a statement for the connection .
generates the xml representation for a name / value pair and adds it to the current file element . - - - an optional attribute value of the token . tokens which are not used as syntactic sugar will often contain meaningful values that will be used later on by the compiler or interpreter . this attribute value is often different from the image . any subclass of token that actually wants to return a non - null value can override this method as appropriate . prints a token to the output stream , followed by a system - specific newline . resets the cursor position .
reads and parses the genre from the file . - - - splits a token around matches of the given separator .
returns the xml element name as byte array .
a shortcut for rest gateway ( rest gateway ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for async rest template ( async rest template ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for rest template ( rest template ) . build ( ) .
similar as # set score ( boolean ) , but also sort by the score .
similar as # set track scores ( boolean ) , but also sort by the score .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
applies the @ literal message ids . - - - add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists .
read messages from a stream within a specific range applying a limit .
applies the @ literal message ids . - - - add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists . add tuples to a sorted set at key , or update their score if it already exists .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from a stream within a specific range applying a limit in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
acknowledge one or more messages as processed .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
creates a new add stream message given map body .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
add stream message with given @ literal body to @ literal key .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from read offset .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
append one or more message to the stream key .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
constructs a properties object to contain the options as well as the operands at the end of the command . - - - put a named value in this context . this method sets the username and password as thread - local or global variable set a realm property .
extract parameters from uri and save it in properties obj - - - set a realm property . log a finer message . if the logger is currently enabled for the finer message level then the given message is forwarded to all the registered output handler objects . log a finer message . if the logger is currently enabled for the finer message level then the given message is forwarded to all the registered output handler objects .
get the usage - text of the command . - - - append a class path element to the classpath . get a local string from the package of the default class and format the arguments accordingly .
check if the variable , " skip param validation " is defined in the command class . - - - returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties
for example list - applications command references list - components command and you don ' t want to define the same params from the class that implements list - components . - - - returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties
get the param value . - - - returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
checks if the param ( option ) value is defined on the command line ( url passed by the client ) by calling get properties value method . - - - returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
if param value is not given by the short name ( short option ) then if the default valu is defined . - - - returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
searches for the property with the specified key in this property list . - - - get the first value from the set of attribute values , or null if the attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns first . gets the properties of the provider . get the first value from the set of attribute values , or null if the attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns first . gets the properties of the provider . returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
the method returns null if the property is not found . - - - get the first value from the set of attribute values , or null if the attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns first . gets the properties of the provider . get the first value from the set of attribute values , or null if the attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns first . gets the properties of the provider . returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
scheduler scheduler factory bean . - - - put context property . put context property .
see # gauge ( id , object , to double function ) .
see # gauge ( id , number ) .
any potentially long running or expensive activity such as io should not be performed inline . - - - represents a value sampled at a given time .
see # gauge ( id , object , to double function ) for more information on gauges .
the registration will keep a weak reference to the collection so it will not prevent garbage collection .
note that calling java . util . map # size ( ) can be expensive for some collection implementations and should be considered before registering .
returns custom base painter for the specified component .
process the form . - - - called ( by the default implementation of ' process ' ) when all fields validated , the form was updated and it ' s data was allowed to be persisted . it is meant for delegating further processing to clients . this implementation first finds out whether the form processing was triggered by a nested iform submitting component of this form . if that is the case , that component ' s on submit before / after form methods are called appropriately . . regardless of whether a submitting component was found , the form ' s on submit method is called next . used by form to tell the form component that a new user input is available returns single value for parameter with specified name . this method always returns non - null result even if the parameter does not exist . dispatches event to registered dispatchers invoked when the editor was successfully updated . use this method e . g . to persist the changed value . this implementation displays the label and clears any window status that might have been set in on error . gets the form in which the view is nested , and on which the wizard buttons work . processes / manipulates a text resource . calls on error on this form and any enabled and visible nested form , if the respective form actually has errors . convenient and typesafe way to visit all the form components on a form . tests for files # remove ( java . io . file ) tests for files # remove ( java . io . file )
class c implements i public int m ( ) return 88 ;
test set current size - - - return the next value , skewed by the zipfian distribution . the 0th item will be the most popular , followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead . return the next value , skewed by the zipfian distribution . the 0th item will be the most popular , followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead .
this property will be set only if the type is ' required ' . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
encodes version of the client certificate message
create an instance of package repository
create an instance of role to nodes map entry
assume the plan is returned by a non - cascading evictor , check whether it is legal .
applies a list of transformers to the payload of the message .
applies a list of transformers to the payload of the message . - - - applies a list of transformers returning the result of the transformation as a new message instance . if the list of transformers is empty or transformation would be redundant then the same message instances will be returned .
applies a list of transformers to the payload of the message . - - - applies a list of transformers returning the result of the transformation as a new message instance . if the list of transformers is empty or transformation would be redundant then the same message instances will be returned .
uses a supplied string as the value to buffer the string with .
returns either the passed in as a string , or , if the is , an empty
unix - like operating systems , only if the system property " xdg " has been defined .
return the distance between this and .
return the distance between vector and .
return the distance between vector and ( x , y , z , w ) .
- items - item # = the suggested item at the specified index . - - - affected elements : - splitter = the container containing the splitter element . - top = the container above the splitter . - bottom = the container below the splitter . ensure that the main element for this uiobject has an id property set , which allows it to integrate with third - party libraries and test tools . complex widgets will also set the ids of their important sub - elements . if the main element already has an id , this method will override it . the id that you specify will be prefixed by the static string # debug _ id _ prefix . this method will be compiled out and will have no effect unless you inherit the debug id module in your gwt . xml file by adding the following line : & lt ; inherits name = " com . google . gwt . user . debug " / & gt ; ensure that the main element for this uiobject has an id property set , which allows it to integrate with third - party libraries and test tools . complex widgets will also set the ids of their important sub - elements . if the main element already has an id , this method will override it . the id that you specify will be prefixed by the static string # debug _ id _ prefix . this method will be compiled out and will have no effect unless you inherit the debug id module in your gwt . xml file by adding the following line : & lt ; inherits name = " com . google . gwt . user . debug " / & gt ;
the meta - property for the calibration info property .
whether wi fi has an active , usable connection .
whether there is any network with a usable connection .
checks that object literal keys are valid . - - - reports a diagnostic ( error or warning ) reports a diagnostic ( error or warning ) reports a diagnostic ( error or warning ) reports a diagnostic ( error or warning ) reports a diagnostic ( error or warning ) reports a diagnostic ( error or warning )
on first invocation , check if the jar file has the class - path attribute .
the default implementation loads mapping files if defined , and the target class if not defined . - - - add the given annotated packages in a batch .
adds a service of the given class to this application context .
sets a transcoder to transcode the decoded com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif data into another resource type .
returns the wrapped com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif data resource if it exists , or null .
attempts to dequeue an output buffer from the decoder and , if successful , passes it to # process output buffer ( long ) . - - - dequeues the next output buffer from the decoder . called when an output buffer is successfully processed .
returns whether the current frame should be dropped .
wait for the connection to be established , returning true if everything went ok
the isis system default created during # set up system ( ) .
creates default accounts with the specified currency
gets an instance of which represents the time of this object but without the zone offset .
returns the vertex this edge is connected to .
returns the id of this task .
returns an iterable of source providers , in the overlay order ( meaning that later providers override earlier providers when they redefine resources . )
indicates if any part of this tuner channel is contained within the minimum and maximum frequency values .
release the connection , not needed here since the connection is not associated with a connection pool . - - - asynchronously closes the websocket session . this will wait until all remaining messages have been sent to the client and then close the websocket session .
gets the correct client execution timeout taking into account precedence of the configuration in amazon web service request versus client configuration .
returns the value of tree if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise . - - - returns the value of the leaf of expr path , if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise . note that returning null does not necessarily mean the expression is not a constant . returns the value of the leaf of expr path , if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise . note that returning null does not necessarily mean the expression is not a constant .
checks whether a specified port is occupied . - - - closes the admin object and stops the timing thread .
because # init data attributes ( ) is usually called from on size changed it is good place to calculate max pie chart circle size .
creates an evidence object from the parameters and adds the resulting object to the collection .
test of analyze method , of class false positive analyzer .
this is a copy of internal settings preparer # prepare environment ( settings , terminal ) - - - adds the given item to the queue . the listener is notified once the item is processed adds the given item to the queue . the listener is notified once the item is processed
" zip " and " wsjar " are used by bea web logic server and ibm web sphere , respectively , but can be treated like jar files . - - - this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results .
the same applies to " code - source " urls on oracle oc4 j , provided that the path contains a jar separator . - - - this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results .
add this list to all of the jobs - - - get the value of the column from the file . get the value of the column from the file .
this is equal to 1 - confidence level .
checks the precondition of the method invocation tree with element invoked method element . - - - get the processing environment . reports an error . reports a diagnostic message . by default , prints it to the screen via the compiler ' s internal messager . most clients should use # report error or # report warning .
adding new block to the queue - - - returns the number of key / value pairs in this map .
handle a wrong _ epoch response from the server .
convert an integer value in miliseconds since the epoch to a timestamp value for use in a long column vector , which is represented in nanoseconds since the epoch .
attributes listed in @ session attributes and previously stored in the in the model at least once .
cleans " known " attributes from the session - i . e .
attributes listed in @ session attributes and previously stored in the in the model at least once .
non - blocking .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the exit directionality of a given string is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this after the string ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text or a number appearing after it inline with only neutral content in between .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the entry directionality of a given string is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this before the string ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text appearing before it inline with only neutral content in between .
the begin update diagnostics operation begins an asynchronous operation to starta diagnostics session for the specified virtual network gateway in azure .
gets or sets the timestamp of the template deployment .
gets or sets the state of the provisioning .
gets the list of resource providers needed for the deployment .
gets the list of deployment dependencies .
gets or sets the state of the provisioning .
gets or sets the timestamp of the template deployment .
gets the list of resource providers needed for the deployment .
gets the list of deployment dependencies .
gets or sets the name of the resource group .
gets or sets the name of the resource group .
optional .
gets or sets the id of the resource group .
optional .
gets or sets the id of the resource group .
represents all the operations for operating on azure sql database security policy .
finds the vaadin service session to which this connector belongs .
the passed session if not null vaadin service session # get current ( ) if defined - - - gets the currently used ui . the current ui is automatically defined when processing requests to the server . in other cases , ( e . g . from background threads ) , the current ui is not automatically defined . the ui is stored using a weak reference to avoid leaking memory in case it is not explicitly cleared .
a standard workaround is to use vaadin service session # get current ( ) to retrieve the application instance that the current request relates to .
report the single instance of this package , after creating it with default parameters if needed
adds a pattern with the provided name and image width to the possible patterns to show . - - - puts the value into the map . puts the value into the map .
it is required to call one of the init ( ) methods before you can use the instance of this bean . - - - init called from implementations of this class . css class reader . sets the content of a resource . returns an initialized cms object with admin user permissions , running in the " / sites / default " site root . returns the open cms request context the current user this bean was initialized with . usage example on a jsp with the el : the current uri is : $ cms : vfs ( page context ) . request context . uri
auxiliary property for better representation of the bean parent id property . - - - get the number of keys stored in the jsonobject .
if successful , adds the new coordinate to the map and removes the corresponding psi element from the tree .
defines the @ local configuration manager . - - - defines the configuration storage strategy to use . if using configuration storage # custom , then the actual implementation must be passed by invoking # configuration storage supplier ( supplier ) returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition
defaults to @ org . infinispan . globalstate . impl . embedded local configuration manager - - - defines the configuration storage strategy to use . if using configuration storage # custom , then the actual implementation must be passed by invoking # configuration storage supplier ( supplier ) returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition
if you want a synchronised way of establishing a broker connection , you can use the following pattern : - - - get a homie property ( which translates to an esh channel ) . sets the thing handler callback of the handler , which must be used to inform the framework about changes . the callback is added after the handler instance has been tracked by the framework and before # initialize ( ) is called . the callback is removed ( set to null ) after the handler instance is no longer tracked and after # dispose ( ) is called . this method traverses over all elements in the registry and calls the consumer with the provider of the element as the first parameter and the element as the second argument . the traversal over the elements is done while holding a lock for the respective internal collections . if you use this method , please ensure not execution time consuming stuff as it will block any other usage of that collections . you should also not call third party code that could e . g . access the registry itself again . this could lead to a dead lock and hard finding bugs . the # get all ( ) and # stream ( ) method will operate on a copy and so no lock is hold . connects to a device . this is an asynchronous method . once the connection state is updated , the bluetooth device listener . on connection state method will be called with the connection state . if the device is already connected , this will return false . schedules the provided job instance cancels the timer
update the latest block access time in certain storage dir on the worker . - - - notifies the block store that a block was accessed so the block store could update accordingly the registered listeners such as evictor and allocator on block access . notifies the block store that a block was accessed so the block store could update accordingly the registered listeners such as evictor and allocator on block access .
this is a very basic algorithm for creating a match rating for two classes .
if there a super class , that will get matched using the above criteria
converts payload , which is a partial xml document , to a strign that represents a valid xml document . - - - uses org . mule . runtime . api . transformation . transformation service to get representation of a message for a given class
returns whether the given property path model can be considered referring an entity .
gets the sequence of storage services . - - - gets the storage accounts client object to access its operations .
ensure that deployment properties doesn ' t have keys not starting with either app .
returns the request processor .
id of the change .
create the resulting full beam inter instances , one for each good item . - - - test of index of method , of class broken line . test of index of method , of class broken line . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id . insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id .
nota : for beams whose width lies between min beam width and max hook width , we should create both interpretations . - - - test of index of method , of class broken line . test of index of method , of class broken line . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id . insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id .
if temp list is > 0 , returns it .
this implementation returns the passed - in description , if any .
indicates if this identity is granted with a role with the given .
recursively print nodes at a particular level in the tree . - - - print graph output in a format readable by dot ( graphviz ) .
this method has to be called during the creation of the activity / fragment , useful also after a screen rotation .
show modal window with default title and message which will last until task completes . - - - show / download resource at client side show / download resource at client side
converts the given document to a source
plugin subclasses can override to add any additional methods
called when emitting constructors for the generated model class .
calls plugin # write constants ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins - - - calls plugin # before emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # write constructors ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins - - - calls plugin # after emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # write methods ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins - - - calls plugin # emit constructors ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # write additional code ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins - - - calls plugin # before emit methods ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
removes listener from event dispatcher . - - - releases the runner . should be called when the runner is no longer required .
servlet user requested user user id - depends on the masquerade mode next url status message - set to null error - set to false
sets the permissions for locations created by this appender .
if not set , use service instance # get service endpoint ( ) ( default behavior ) . - - - creates a twitter token stream that aggregates the outputs of a given set of token streams .
adjust the value of after an insert or a delete . . . - - - a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the main document . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater . a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the comment subdocument . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater . a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the endnote subdocument . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater . a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the footnote subdocument . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater . a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the header subdocument . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater .
builds the media route provider descriptor media route provider descriptor . - - - the number of items in the list .
unzips dir name + " . zip " - - > dir name , removing dir name first
sets the pending intent to activate when the header is activated . - - - sets the action to be invoked if the user taps on the main content of the template .
a mixture of icons and tappable icons is not permitted .
if an icon has already been added , this will throw an illegal argument exception .
adds a tappable icon to be displayed at the end of the row .
a mixture of icons and tappable icons is not permitted .
sets the group of actions for this template . - - - set the actions and color for this action row . adds an action to this list builder . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list template . these actions may appear differently on the slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these actions will be displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first .
these actions may be shown on the template in large or small formats . - - - set the actions and color for this action row . adds an action to this list builder . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list template . these actions may appear differently on the slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these actions will be displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first .
generally these actions will be displayed in the order they were added to the action builder , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first . - - - set the actions and color for this action row . adds an action to this list builder . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list template . these actions may appear differently on the slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these actions will be displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first .
- means that after each message sending , sender thread will sleep for milliseconds ; - is number of messages to send ; ; - pop - up protocol debugger ;
return header type field
set header type field
test of test size method , of class bounding box test .
test of test scale method , of class bounding box test .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
this will set the a range for this color space . - - - sets the singleton font mapper instance . sets the singleton font mapper instance . sets the singleton font mapper instance . sets the singleton font mapper instance . convert this standard java object to a cos object . sets the singleton font mapper instance . sets the singleton font mapper instance . this will set an item in the dictionary . if value is null then the result will be the same as remove item ( key ) . this will set an item in the dictionary . if value is null then the result will be the same as remove item ( key ) .
start browser mob proxy server - - - logs info message using message pattern and incoming parameters . start timer to track iperformance operation action using extra key .
return the window event table associated with this callback .
add the event into the window event table
define a custom list view which will be used in the drawer note : this is not recommended
should be mainly used only for testing purposes or when only file based operations will be performed
get hash of global latest block .
save hash of global latest block .
returns an instance of the service dispatcher associated with this delegator and registers the loader . - - - registers the loader with this service dispatcher
returns a module finder that is the equivalent to composing two module finders .
the # find all ( ) find all method of the resulting module finder will locate all modules located by the first module finder .
test module finder . empty
test module finder . of with zero entries
initialize .
check that and event id is in the valid range .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the event length field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the event type field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the encoded event begins .
store transactions into the local storage .
the added neighbors will be removed after relaunching iri . - - - this method allows us to set a new info message that shall get printed to the screen . this method allows us to set a new info message that shall get printed to the screen . gets all neighbors the neighbor router currently sees as either connected or attempts to build connections to . gets all neighbors the neighbor router currently sees as either connected or attempts to build connections to . creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from
add the neighbors to your config file or supply them in the - n command line option if you want to keep them after restart . - - - this method allows us to set a new info message that shall get printed to the screen . this method allows us to set a new info message that shall get printed to the screen . gets all neighbors the neighbor router currently sees as either connected or attempts to build connections to . gets all neighbors the neighbor router currently sees as either connected or attempts to build connections to . creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from
as opposed to # span wrap with known dir , this makes use of unicode bidi formatting characters . - - - appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
if isolate , directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings . - - - appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
the default behavior of # span wrap and its variations is set to avoid span wrapping unless there ' s a reason ( ' dir ' attribute should be appended ) .
if isolate , directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings .
learns a gradient tree boosting for regression . - - - parses the loss .
learns a gradient tree boosting for classification .
learns a gradient tree boosting for classification . - - - parses the loss .
learns a random forest for regression .
learns a random forest for classification .
learns a random forest for regression .
learns a random forest for classification . - - - parses the loss . parses the loss . parses the loss .
learns a gradient tree boosting for regression . - - - parses the loss .
an object representing a bind marker ( a question mark ) .
ensures that last string builder exist .
returns generated java class for a schema . - - - construct a schema from json text . if this is a record , enum or fixed , returns its namespace , if any .
returns generated java interface for a protocol . - - - construct a schema from json text . construct a schema from json text .
gets this entity ' s rotation .
gets the entity ' s previous rotation .
sets this entity ' s rotation .
build a new rollup file using the current time as the nano timestamp .
retrieve the nano timestamp associated with this file .
stop the current tachyon cluster .
kill tachyon master by ' kill - 9 ' command .
only precise fields in the duration type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
converts this duration to a time period instance specifying a duration type to control how the duration is split into fields .
the exact impact of this method is determined by the duration type .
only precise fields in the duration type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
if the duration type is precise all then all fields can be set .
if the duration type is all then the years and months fields will remain as zero , with the duration allocated to the weeks and days fields .
converts the duration of the interval to a time period using the specified duration type .
validates a duration type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
validates a duration type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
creates a new time period instance with the same field values but different duration type .
creates a new time period instance with the same millisecond duration but different duration type .
selects a suitable duration type for the given object .
selects a suitable duration type for the given object .
selects a suitable duration type for the given object . - - - get the duration unit of the field . gets the period type , which is years . get the duration unit of the field . gets the period type , which is years .
test constructor ( duration type )
test constructor ( object , duration type )
callback for when the operation represented by the channel future is done . - - - the error thrown ( generally on the server ) while processing this request the error thrown ( generally on the server ) while processing this request
this method is used for getting the list with config description parameters defining meta info for configuration properties of the rule .
this method is used to get a module participating in rule
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this type .
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of outputs defined by this type .
this method is used for getting the actions of the composite action type .
this method is used for getting the triggers of the composite trigger type .
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this condition type .
this method is used for getting visibility of the module type .
returns the sort specification parsed from the source .
use the specified camera id to scan barcodes .
when in two - pane mode , switch to the fragment pane to show the given preference fragment . - - - user friendly title for the given screen lock type . ui like wifi dialog overrides to set title .
promote the unsigned int into a signed long .
promote the unsigned int into a signed big integer . - - - returns a one - point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one - point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one - point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one - point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one - point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . return t1 - t2 ( aka subtract ) .
promote the unsigned short into a signed int .
randomizes ( shuffles ) the data array in place .
finds the e with the highest priority , removes it , and returns it .
finds the e with the highest priority and returns it , without modifying the queue .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element entry downwards .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( insertion order preserving )
return the nu parameter for a pair of time to expiry and instrument tenor . - - - computes the z - value for the specified pair of x - value and y - value . computes the z - value for the specified pair of x - value and y - value .
computes the implied black volatility of the swaption . - - - computes the implied volatility of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . checks that the specified boolean is true . given the input argument , this returns normally only if it is true . this will typically be the result of a caller - specific check . for example : arg checker . is true ( value & gt ; check , " value must be greater than check : " , value ) ; this returns void , and not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . tests the volatility computations .
calculates the present value of the swaption product . - - - calculates the present value of the swaption trade . the result is expressed using the currency of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . returns a new trade report . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the currency . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . gets the pay receive . tests the price for options in sabr model with extrapolation . returns a new trade report .
computes the currency exposure of the swaption product . - - - returns a new trade report . computes the currency exposure of the swaption trade .
calculates the present value of the swaption product . - - - calculates the present value of the swaption trade . the result is expressed using the currency of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . returns a new trade report . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the underlying leg pricer . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . gets the pay receive . returns a decimal value that is positive . returns a new trade report .
computes the implied black volatility of the swaption . - - - computes the implied volatility of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . checks that the specified boolean is true . given the input argument , this returns normally only if it is true . this will typically be the result of a caller - specific check . for example : arg checker . is true ( value & gt ; check , " value must be greater than check : " , value ) ; this returns void , and not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the underlying leg pricer . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . tests the volatility computations .
handler a request .
if use relative context is set , the redirect value will be the value after the request context path .
converts list of strings to array of strings .
converts set of something to unmodifiable nullable set .
converts varargs of string to list .
because google tasks api does not return etags for every list , if there is a change we ' ll have to check each individually .
returns true if element is a metal ( this list needs to be expanded ) . - - - returns true if element type is a metal .
" yyy mmdd " for # period _ day " yyy mm " for # period _ month
test for the stats util # get period as int ( java . util . date , int ) - - - computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month .
create correlation context matcher according the configuration .
creates a hash multimap of the given list of key - value pairs .
returns an hash multimap containing n values supplied by a given supplier s .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
returns an array of available languages as language codes ( " en " , " fr " , " pt _ br " . . . ) .
returns the cc compilation info for the toolchain .
returns merged cc compilation info for the whole lipo subtree .
increment the number of bytes that have been allocated to service this request and potentially trigger a circuit breaking exception .
attempts to merge this ranged uri with another .
a merge is successful if both instances define the same uri , and if one starte the byte after the other ends , forming a contiguous region with no overlap .
returns the uri represented by the instance as a string .
returns the uri represented by the instance .
all steps must be added before # start ( ) is called .
get the path to a file - name in the peergos _ dir
returns the local preferences for this agent .
this utility method will convert a jts envelope to contraints that can be used in a geo wave query .
sets the rules defining how calculation results should be reported . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
the meta - property for the reporting rules property .
creates an instance specifying all the rules .
gets the rules defining how calculation results should be reported .
gets the reporting rules that apply to this column in addition to the default rules . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
returns a column that contains the specified measure and uses the default calculation rules . - - - returns a builder used to create an instance of the bean . checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
returns the measure displayed in the column . - - - gets the measure to be calculated .
the meta - property for the definition property .
returns the default reporting currency for the specified target .
this is normally the ' natural ' currency for the trade , for example the currency of a fra or the base currency of an fx forward .
the default reporting currency is taken from the function . - - - returns a new trade report . returns a new trade report .
generate icons into the target path .
cleans up this realm ' s implicitly created cache . - - - default no - op implementation that can be overridden by subclasses for custom cleanup behavior . default no - op implementation that can be overridden by subclasses for custom cleanup behavior .
returns the platform for the arch .
increment the metadata version for the given key ( cluster or store )
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the caller ' s class , and installs it on the caller .
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the given class , and installs it on the caller .
register a bootstrap method to use when linking a given caller class .
the given class already has a bootstrap method from a previous call to this method .
the given class is already fully initialized .
the given class is in the process of initialization , in another thread .
report the bootstrap method registered for a given class .
create a lookup on the specified class .
the type of the method handle will be that of the method , with the receiver type ( defc ) prepended .
add request filters to the filter chain .
get a mutable reference to the request filter chain .
determine if the specified user is this user .
formats the \ @ manual tag , prepending the tag header to the tag content .
poll the input q for content or eof . - - - callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes .
consumed buffers and non eof sentinel contents are removed . - - - callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes .
executes the query . - - - binds a variable . executes a command and returns the result . serializes the specified value to the specified string builder . prints a string to standard error if the prop # debug flag is set . initializes the tests . parses the specified module . executes a command and returns the result . serializes the specified value to the specified string builder . prints a string to standard error if the prop # debug flag is set . initializes the tests .
checks if any of the resources which start with the given path . - - - binds a variable . binds a variable . binds a variable . binds a variable . executes a command and returns the result .
returns the distance of the specified node . - - - writes an integer value to the specified position . writes an integer value to the specified position .
writes the specified xml node and all its sub nodes to the specified output stream . - - - returns the number of items stored in the value .
set default command line arguments which will be used in addition to those specified to the run methods .
provides the number of items currently displayed of a certain type . - - - this method is never called internally .
runs the rest code .
return a deserializer object corresponding to the table desc . - - - return a deserializer object corresponding to the table desc . public api of java . util . properties initialize the tprotocol .
see # get default coder ( type token ) .
returns a type token capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
see # get output type token for more discussion .
returns a type token capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type token capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type token capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
the type token argument allows specification of generic types .
for example , a list return type can be specified as of type ( new type token > ( ) ) .
returns a type token capturing what is known statically about the type of this tuple tag instance ' s most - derived class .
sets the type token associated with this class .
returns a type token with some reflective information about t , if possible .
gets the extended enum lookup from name to instance .
find latest build tools revision with compatible major version number .
returns all fields annotated with @ optional .
returns the resource type id .
source object must implement serializable . - - - assert a boolean expression , throwing an illegal argument exception if the expression evaluates to false .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function0 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function1 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function2 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function3 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function4 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function5 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function6 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function7 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function8 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function0 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function1 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function2 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function3 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function4 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function5 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function6 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function7 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function8 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
returns the previous system channel .
returns the old mobile status .
returns whether or not a nitro subscription used to be active before .
returns the old phone number or null if no phone number was previously set .
sets the intent uri of the app link for the preview video .
the name is built from a prefix , shard template ( with shard numbers applied ) , and a suffix . - - - returns the resource id that represents the current directory of this resource id . if it is already a directory , trivially returns this . resolve the field access descriptor against a schema . resolve will resolve all of the field names into field ids , validating that all field names specified in the descriptor exist in the actual schema .
the given prefix can reference any file system on the classpath .
return the current database schema version .
update the schema version of the concourse server installation to that of this upgrade task . - - - put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position .
return the current buffer schema version .
return the current schema version . - - - alias for # first key ( ) . alias for # first key ( ) .
called when the state of the api changes .
get the adapter to use to adapt from the given reactive type .
in case an optional requested update is specified , the production consumption returned also includes an estimated resources share of that update as if it was already in progress . - - - puts a new key / value pair . creates a snapshot from the contents of storage . filters bag resources by predicate .
save the " instant upload path " on preferences
save the " instant video upload path " on preferences
checks that the modification time of the given index file is after the modification time of the given feature file . - - - checks that an object is not null and returns the same object or throws an illegal argument exception checks that an object is not null and returns the same object or throws an illegal argument exception checks that an object is not null and returns the same object or throws an illegal argument exception checks that an object is not null and returns the same object or throws an illegal argument exception
string representation of the points .
returns a map of entities parsed by this resolver .
add custom custom to filter based on custom criteria of source sources .
the given predicates must always return the same result for a source instance otherwise the behavior is undefined .
return the options recalculate cpu constant .
set the account type value .
get the account type value .
set the status of secondary value .
set the custom domain value .
set the creation time value .
set the secondary endpoints value .
set the account type value .
check all tables .
manages retention for all tables .
returns the search result list . - - - calculates the result pages .
returns the number of search results found .
a new param is emitted whenever ` pagination subject ` emits .
thrown when failing to create an attribute after several attempts
encode an iterator on the input for the single input table associated with this job . - - - push a mutation into a table . if table is null , the default table will be used . if output format builder # create tables ( ) is set , the table will be created if it does not exist . the table name must only contain alphanumerics and underscore . should be ok if this is not called because the thread started by default file monitor is a daemon thread concatenates byte arrays with 0x00 as a delimiter set the element at the specified index , and return the old value .
restricts the columns that will be mapped over for the single input table on this job .
sets the input ranges to scan on all input tables for this job . - - - push a mutation into a table . if table is null , the default table will be used . if output format builder # create tables ( ) is set , the table will be created if it does not exist . the table name must only contain alphanumerics and underscore .
these operations will just trigger when in safe hours is set to true .
get a string dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree - - - write a text dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree write a text dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree
make the shard primary unless it ' s not primary todo : doc exception
get the sequence numbers for uids ranging from start till end .
set ballerina main function to be executed in run _ file mode .
get ballerina main function to be executed in run _ file mode .
this can be used as a queue if you know the order of your requests deone .
terminates the halted execution represented by this event .
gets the primary block of a red packet . - - - get buffer containing the content of this packet get the rtp payload offset of an rtp packet . get rtp payload length from a rtp packet
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
specifically , md5 check should be skipped if one of the following conditions are true : - - - returns the optional customer - provided server - side encryption key to use to encrypt the uploaded object .
the request is a put object operation that involves sse - kms - - - returns the optional customer - provided server - side encryption key to use to encrypt the uploaded object .
specifically , md5 check should be skipped if one of the following conditions are true :
the request is an upload - part operation that involves sse - c
create a new plugin result and send it back to java script
if the file with the name # default exists , the configuration reads the properties from this file . - - - filter info logging . load persistent components from input stream . load persistent components from input stream . adds a message to the buffer . filter info logging . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header . adds a message to the buffer .
store the configuration in the specified file with the specified header . - - - adds a message to the buffer . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header .
store the configuration in the specified file .
load the properties from the specified configuration file . - - - adds a message to the buffer . load persistent components from input stream . load persistent components from input stream .
checks if an annotation is enabled or disabled via configuration options .
removes listener from event dispatcher . - - - releases the runner . should be called when the runner is no longer required .
request r1 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 listeners to be notified : e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
request r2 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 listeners to be notified : e2 . listeners + e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
request r3 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 + e3 listeners to be notified : e3 . listeners + e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
map a list of field contents to fields of the target object type .
returns the call dialog corresponding to the given call .
if the call has been finished and no active call dialog could be found it returns null .
returns an iterator over a list of all currently active calls .
returns the parent call dialog , where this renderer is contained .
returns the parent call dialog , where this renderer is contained .
produces the basic iterable on refs based on the current query .
used to generate all other iterables .
might be a keys only query .
walks superclass and interface graph , superclasses first , then interfaces , to compute an ancestry list .
supertypes are visited left to right .
indicates if a target restlet instance or class has been attached .
default implementation for all the handle ( ) methods that simply calls the next handle ( ) method . - - - handles a uniform call .
attaches the root restlet that will receive all incoming calls .
parses the poa section of the jdk orb subsystem configuration .
expires entries on the access - order queue and returns if the cache was modified .
returns if the entry is eligible for a fast path read .
evicts entries if the cache exceeds the maximum returns if the cache was modified .
expires entries on the write - order queue and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the weak key references queue and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the write buffer and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the weak / soft value references queue and returns if the cache was modified .
get id of the node where parent task of the job has originated .
sets id of the node where parent task of the job has originated .
note that the return value is based on the estimate of the bytes written to the compressor , which may not be accurate if compression is really used .
parses an entity url into an entity view object , handles custom parsing classes - - - the entity reference - a globally unique reference to an entity , consists of the entity prefix and optional segments ( normally the id at least ) return the prefix used in the preference storage . something like this : rsrc override this method if creating a custom entity view object
sets the swagger parameter allow multiple flag .
reads the input stream in memory specifying the total bytes to read .
this is more efficient than # from input stream ( input stream ) because allocation is made once .
returns a wadl description of the given method . - - - sets the value of the " name " attribute . sets the input to the method . sets the handled response . sets the value of the " path " attribute . inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this list at the specified position . sorts the given list of methods by name . returns the value of the " name " attribute . returns a wadl description of the given method . sets the jaxp transformer parameters .
represents the resource as a wadl description .
set database type and default settings . - - - set db port set firewall port set bequeath method set via firewall set db port set db port
this is an quasi - intermediate operation .
loads properties if necessary .
handle an error _ ok message .
initializes mock / spies dependencies for objects annotated with @ inject mocks for given test class .
unit test for root package generation without revision complexity . - - - returns true if this entity is capable of being projected as the specified class .
create a grouped list helper from a collection of elements , all put in the same group .
appends the list constructed in helper to this list . - - - add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . returns the number of variables . returns the number of variables .
retrieve packed int data from the index input and return a packed int structure based on it .
accepts the strings stateless or stateful .
this method is a default implementation for the invoke method given in invocationhandler .
it is better to overwrite the invoke custom method where the object related methods are filtered out .
gets the instance of feedback messages model to use .
creates a modified call in which the first argument if replaced by arg1 .
this is , for example , to support hidden internal functions . make lazy .
checks ps by flag equality .
calls the a method on the server
set name of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get name of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get name of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set name of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set gets the provisioning state of the public ip resource .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , and ' failed ' .
get gets the provisioning state of the public ip resource .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , and ' failed ' .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' succeeded ' , and ' failed ' .
stops the watcher service and it ' s subservices . - - - logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # trace trace level . return the information about this node . return the information about this node . stop simple kdc server stop simple kdc server pause the execution of the watcher executor , and empty the state . pausing means , that no new watch executions will be done unless this pausing is explicitly unset . this is important when watcher is stopped , so that scheduled watches do not accidentally get executed . this should not be used when we need to reload watcher based on some cluster state changes , then just calling # clear executions and queue ( runnable ) is the way to go stop execution of watches on this node , do not try to reload anything , but still allow manual watch execution , i . e . via the execute watch api sets a counter . this ensures that the counter is there , even though it is never incremented . logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # debug debug level . logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # debug debug level . sets a counter . this ensures that the counter is there , even though it is never incremented . prints a formatted error message
gets a list of types depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
sync this file out to disk .
decodes the url using java . net . urldecoder # decode ( string , string ) with the encoding specified in the configuration . - - - decode an url formatted string . decode an url formatted string .
returns the modifiable list of client ip addresses .
returns a new path with the given path appended . - - - adds all the entries of the given map to this . this is the same as calling # add ( string , list ) for each entry in values .
processes a packet after it ' s been fully parsed by looping through the installed packet collectors and letting them examine the packet to see if they are a match .
fetch element the slow way , as a value string or null if missing .
attempts to parse the provided value string as a uuid into hash value in two longs .
warning : as written , this method does modify the state of the passed in value string .
return an insufficient capacity exception
record the fact that a trigger call has failed to install into bytecode associated with a specific class and loader
pre authenticated granted authorities retriever implementation as returned by the token . get details ( ) method . - - - get the list of authorities for the user .
if the specified authentication details class implements the pre authenticated granted authorities setter , a list of pre - authenticated granted authorities will be set based on the j2 ee roles for the current user .
creates an athens tenant . - - - the domain to create this tenant under . sets up access control based on the given credentials , and returns a tenant , based on the given specification . legal name , addresses etc
defines encryption implementation which performs vice versa byte encryption operations .
default value is byte encryption # no _ op
add value to list of values in the map . - - - transactional implementation of imap # put ( object , object , long , time unit ) . the object to be put will be accessible only in the current transaction context till transaction is committed . transactional implementation of imap # put ( object , object , long , time unit ) . the object to be put will be accessible only in the current transaction context till transaction is committed .
creates a new list if it doesn ' t exist for the key - - - transactional implementation of imap # put ( object , object , long , time unit ) . the object to be put will be accessible only in the current transaction context till transaction is committed . transactional implementation of imap # put ( object , object , long , time unit ) . the object to be put will be accessible only in the current transaction context till transaction is committed .
returns true if double number can be represented as a long .
in this scenario the next fetch will take place at the offset of the failed batch .
default implementation returns false , as support can not be implemented generically .
gte an arbitrary property value . - - - maps the specified key to the specified value in this table . neither the key nor the value can be null . the value can be retrieved by calling the get method with a key that is equal to the original key .
get nuls module object
returns the 1 - indexed identifier
do some runner setup : check that the direct runner is not used in conjunction with streaming , and if streaming is specified , use the dataflow pipeline runner . - - - two type descriptor are equal if and only if they represent the same type . two type descriptor are equal if and only if they represent the same type .
create a test pipeline that uses the dataflow pipeline runner so that group by key is not expanded .
returns next token .
init all value fttrees , for iterative traversal .
publishes the event to the registered event listener instance .
removes the client for the given remote address . - - - deletes the mapping of the given key . deletes the mapping of the given key .
called when it ' s ready to load accounts from config holder # config .
gets the plugin service used to execute this menu ' s linked module .
create a thread - backed delayed write - commit action .
report the directory defined for output / saved files
claim the next batch sequence numbers for publishing .
construct a new redis async connection impl .
can be overridden in order to construct a subclass of redis async connection impl
returns default storage directory for data source snapshots
returns default storage directory for data source snapshots
checks if the specified offset is valid for this discontinuity .
is the offset information for the local date - time a discontinuity .
a discontinuity may be a gap or overlap and is normally caused by daylight savings cutover .
gets information about any discontinuity in the local time - line .
produce a nice string for a given class object . - - - append the provided value . append the provided value . return the name of the extension ( never null ) or empty .
for example , a string array will have the formatted name " java . lang . string [ ] " . - - - append the provided value . append the provided value . return the name of the extension ( never null ) or empty .
reads the configuration from mapping and creates the appropriate meta - data structures .
render a routes definition - - - appends the string evaluation of this expression with the given value
returns average record size .
copies a file to folder with specified copy settings .
download resource from url .
binds a validator to an attribute after validation fails . - - - adds a validator whose validation failed . adds a validator whose validation failed .
closes the dialog .
refreshes the options panel .
closes the tab . - - - test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
get the string resource for the given combination of component , key , locale and style . - - - pushes a binary message to the client . see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . pushes a binary message to the client . get direct access to all values from the properties file . registers an debug feedback message for this session retrieves a string by key . registers an debug feedback message for this session see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . gets the substring after the first occurrence given char .
the information is obtained from a resource bundle associated with the provided component instance ( or one of its parent containers or one of its parent classes ) . - - - pushes a binary message to the client . see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . pushes a binary message to the client . get direct access to all values from the properties file . registers an debug feedback message for this session retrieves a string by key . registers an debug feedback message for this session see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . gets the substring after the first occurrence given char .
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ?
returns the number of favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the favorite sites where user id = ? - - - returns an ordered range of all the tasks entries where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end - start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from tasks entry model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have an order by clause and the returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order .
and group id = ? . - - - returns an ordered range of all the tasks entries where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end - start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from tasks entry model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have an order by clause and the returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order .
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ? - - - returns the first tasks entry in the ordered set where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; .
and group id = ? . - - - returns the first tasks entry in the ordered set where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ? - - - returns the last tasks entry in the ordered set where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; .
and group id = ? . - - - returns the last tasks entry in the ordered set where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ?
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
returns the number of favorite sites where user id = ?
and group id = ? .
load configuration if present , and configure the graph with dynamic updaters .
dissociate a router id from the corresponding graph object , and disable that router id for use in routing .
retrieves the public key for a user .
returns the fully qualified index name including a remote cluster alias if applicable
by default path resource resolver is configured . - - - assert that an object is not null .
determine what the base uri for this vocabulary is
link staticness # fully _ static .
looks for all resources and providers declared as inner classes of the subclass of this class and adds them to the returned resource config .
test of get avg time by threads method , of class dot chart colored row .
close ui _ buffer if open , removing it from both pointers and fragments .
returns an infinite iterator over generated entries .
a factory method , that generates a sort field instance for sorting trie encoded values .
returns a row type .
obtains the underlying swap .
at the same time , we also parse the error message to decide whether going to the next step .
output the sql type for a java object .
gets an instance of representing the current time of day .
s the time to live for documents in the collection
revoke a privilege on table from user or role .
grant a privilege on table to user or role .
this method specifies if the import should include turn restrictions if available
maps full class names to their serializers .
the method first looks up any explicitly registered file extensions first and then falls back on jaf if available .
get a list of data source processors that can process the data source of interest .
local disk , local files , and archive dsp are removed from the list .
returns the current timestamp with microsecond precision via a system call to gettimeofday . - - - emits an error for a specific element .
tests that if there is no elresolver a standard coercions will be invoked . - - - mark the given property as resolved and notify any interested listeners .
example - metric name - " io . statistics . primary _ key _ idx . pages count " . - - - calculate the index of the first occurrence of the pattern in the byte array , starting with the given index . this methods returns - 1 if the pattern has not been found , and the start position if the pattern is empty . calculate the index of the first occurrence of the pattern in the byte array , starting with the given index . this methods returns - 1 if the pattern has not been found , and the start position if the pattern is empty .
drops all objects ( tables , views , procedures , triggers , . . . ) in the current schema .
builds the drop statements for database objects .
generate the statements for dropping all the objects of this type in the current schema .
cleans the routines in this schema .
cleans the views in this schema .
cleans the tables in this schema .
sets the tool class .
returns the left side bearing of the specified character .
the left side bearing is calculated from the passed in font metrics .
enables the # use content merge checkbox if the selected submit type allows the usage of content merge . - - - update the bar ' s percent completion .
reads all posed tasks of a user in a project .
parse the specified input supplier .
computes a metric identified by its code on a class ast node , possibly selecting a variant with the - - - computes the value of a metric for a class and stores the result in the class stats object . computes the value of a metric for a class and stores the result in the class stats object .
add the given mbean to the collected meta - data - - - add information about an mbean as obtained from an mbean info descriptor . the information added can be restricted by a given path ( which has already be prepared as a stack ) . also , a max depth as given in the constructor restricts the size of the map from the top . add an exception which occurred during extraction of an mbean info for a certain object name to this map . add an exception which occurred during extraction of an mbean info for a certain object name to this map .
accept the request do nothing with it but write the flush acknowledgement to # get process out stream ( )
parses provided content using html style . - - - parses content using lagarto and lagarto parsing processor .
parses conditional comment start .
returns feedback message filter to use for this feedback panel .
returns the hacky static - injected soy file set factory containing bindings from whichever injector happened to install soy module first .
returns the integer value .
visits an html close tag node , which occurs when an html tag is closed .
the difficulty is because soy proto type impl . value currently depends on its soy type for field interpretation .
returns this soy file ' s name ( null if not supplied ) .
returns the original source string for the param type .
may be null if unavailable .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration and import weights . - - - this method starts parameter server instance please note : this method is blocking for first caller only helper function to import weights from nested map into existing model . depends critically on matched layer and parameter names . in general this seems to be straightforward for most keras models and layers ordered , but there may be edge cases .
on fly call graph - - - - - if key " name " is in options , this method returns true iff it maps to " true " . if the key " name " is not in options , the given default value is returned . if key " name " is in options , this method returns true iff it maps to " true " . if the key " name " is not in options , the given default value is returned .
search for all # yaml _ files _ pattern in provided base path
instantiate an object of user ' s program class and call # run user program ( object ) to run it
can ' t seek past the end of the file .
replaces instances of a . to string ( ) with arrays . to string ( a ) . - - - matches an instance method . generates a suggested fix replacing the specified match ( usually of another template ) with this template . generates a suggested fix replacing the specified match ( usually of another template ) with this template . generates a suggested fix replacing the specified match ( usually of another template ) with this template .
creates the temp directory to use for the plugin registry .
returns the length of this duration in nanoseconds . - - - returns the japanese era with the name . the string must match exactly the name of the era . ( extraneous whitespace characters are not permitted . ) multiply two values throwing an exception if overflow occurs . safely adds two long values .
please make sure to use a map implementation that iterated the filter mapping in the order of addition such as linked hash map . - - - test if the key - name passed into the constructor will be returned
registers our message bundle reflectively , so we can compile against both jdk6 and jdk7 . - - - retrieve an instance of trusting nullness analysis from the context . if there is no trusting nullness analysis currently in the context , create one , insert it , and return it .
concatenates two paths using normal command line style rules .
javabean tester .
if the corresponding type is a component type , then apply # replace associations accross the component subtypes but do not replace the component value itself . - - - get the types of the component properties apply the type # replace operation across a series of values , as long as the corresponding type is an association . if the corresponding type is a component type , then apply type # replace across the component subtypes but do not replace the component value itself . during merge , replace the existing ( target ) value in the entity we are merging to with a new ( original ) value from the detached entity we are merging . for immutable objects , or null values , it is safe to simply return the first parameter . for mutable objects , it is safe to return a copy of the first parameter . for objects with component values , it might make sense to recursively replace component values .
get a sequence sub range list from the available range list , all the values in the sub range are bigger than base value .
simalar to nested @ see traversable # combine ( bi predicate , binary operator ) but differs in that the take one comparison is always to nested the monoid zero - - - lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function
this allows us to nested terminate with just a single unsafe value - - - lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function
creates a atomix instance . - - - creates a new serializer builder . creates a new serializer builder . returns a boolean indicating whether the event consumer needs to be registered . returns a boolean indicating whether the event consumer needs to be registered . invokes await on the barrier , waiting until the given timeout . invokes await on the barrier , waiting until the given timeout . creates a new serializer builder . returns the build version number . returns a boolean indicating whether the event consumer needs to be registered . invokes await on the barrier , waiting until the given timeout .
once closed this method will return without invoking the agent .
creates a packet out stream that writes to a list of netty data servers . - - - given the previous set of jobs were completed successfully , returns a list of jobs to execute next . updating status accordingly .
answer an iterator over the members of a container . - - - return the next statement of the iteration . transaction close happens after commit / abort read transactions " auto commit " on close ( ) . write transactions must call abort or commit . transaction close happens after commit / abort read transactions " auto commit " on close ( ) . write transactions must call abort or commit . executes the find with permissions executes the find with permissions
test set current size - - - return the next value , skewed by the zipfian distribution . the 0th item will be the most popular , followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead . return the next value , skewed by the zipfian distribution . the 0th item will be the most popular , followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead .
advances the position until it is beyond the current comment . - - - returns the index of the given value , or - 1 if the value does not appear in the list . this will do a binary search if the list is sorted or a linear search if not .
the meta - property for the currency curve property .
roll back to the savepoint that is held for the transaction . - - - this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction object , if any .
returns type of exception that this filter will handle
get the value type associated with an image processor
get the value type associated with an image plus .
object which wish to receive events must be annotated with the subscribe annotation .
tests that the apply method of the is only called once per value with each build call .
the worker is considered to be valid when its files have not changed on disk and its process is still alive . - - - returns the configuration - dependent string for this configuration . this is also the name of the configuration ' s base output directory unless # is host configuration is true , in which case the output directory is named " host " . see also # get output directory name . returns the configuration - dependent string for this configuration . this is also the name of the configuration ' s base output directory unless # is host configuration is true , in which case the output directory is named " host " . see also # get output directory name . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . copies an entry to the assigned output files . called for each entry in the input files .
for package names which include multiple dots , the dots are removed .
so for example a spring version of version is converted to version so you can assert that its > = version ( so above version and less than version etc ) .
removes a given scorer from the heap by placing end of heap at that position and bubbling it down
create class for computing the image gradient from an integral image in a sparse fashion .
this is done by ( murmur3 ) hashing it with values of new object ( ) . hash code ( ) :
need to check only grid gain hadoop and ggfs classes .
tests attempting to acquire a lock with a timeout .
utility method to get a string single line report from reporter
handovers the query , so it can be used by other shared group ( in different thread )
this method is called by the game to set the bullet peer . - - - returns the heading of the robot , in degrees ( 0 & lt ; = get heading ( ) & lt ; 360 ) returns the power of this bullet . the damage you take ( in fact , already took ) is 4 power , plus 2 ( power - 1 ) if power & gt ; 1 . the robot that fired the bullet receives 3 power back .
fetches the currently visible chunks ( in sight of the player ) .
takes focus from current focused widget ( if any ) , and sets current focused widget to provided widget
get the result that this task finished with .
convert # get result ( ) from xcontent to a map for easy processing .
idf ( doc freq , searcher . max doc ( ) ) ;
in addition , collection statistics # max doc ( ) is more efficient to compute
if there is no session , no action is taken unless the always create session property is set , in which case a session will be created if one doesn ' t already exist . - - - called when the session has been changed and the old attributes have been migrated to the new session . only called if a session existed to start with . allows subclasses to plug in additional behaviour . the default implementation of this method publishes a session fixation protection event to notify the application that the session id has changed . if you override this method and still wish these events to be published , you should call super . on session change ( ) within your overriding method .
loads file , invokes code completion at marker and returns resulting completion variants as strings .
creates new local group with provided name
build a configurable response . .
adds the given directories to the loose include directories that are only allowed to be referenced when headers checking is headers checking mode # loose or - - - add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list .
default file name is . / demo / food mart data . sql - - - retrieves the body of the request as binary data using a servlet input stream .
this functions returns the list of all preferred coordinators .
enables the apply button .
this is set in the system properties with the key . - - - return the value of a given key from the properties list , returning the def value string should the key not be found
intended to be used when moving hdfs connector out of driver config to its own connector .
if not , throws a no android sdk exception .
same as await ( 1 , time unit . seconds ) . - - - waits until all evaluate blocks have completed or the specified timeout expires . if one of the evaluate blocks throws an exception , it is rethrown from this method . waits until all evaluate blocks have completed or the specified timeout expires . if one of the evaluate blocks throws an exception , it is rethrown from this method .
sets the timeout until which the conditions have to be satisfied .
defaults to five seconds .
sets the initial delay before first evaluating the conditions .
repeatedly evaluates the specified conditions until they are satisfied or the specified timeout has elapsed .
sets the delay between successive evaluations of the conditions .
defaults to one second .
alias for # within ( int , groovy . lang . closure ) .
gets the index on which the underlying fx .
the meta - property for the index property .
sets the index property in the builder . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
get aufschlag auf standardpreis .
set aufschlag auf standardpreis . - - - set value set value
set standardpreis . - - - set value set value
get standardpreis .
set the id of the owner bean .
populate map of type qualifier values to when values for given annotated object , taking into account annotations applied to outer scopes ( e . g . , enclosing classes and packages . )
populate a map of type qualifier values to when values representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given
populate a map of type qualifier values to when values representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given method parameter .
resolve a raw annotation value into a type qualifier value / when pair , using given map to remember previously resolved instances .
resets the loader ready to read a new data set - - - set the value of database url . sets the database url . set the database username . sets the user . sets the password . sets the password . substitute a variable names for their values in the given string . sets the key columns of a database table sets the key columns of a database table
always indicates that more results are available , unless the batch is limited to fewer than # datastore _ query _ batch _ limit results .
this skips whitespace starting with the supplied position .
appends the prettified multi - line hexadecimal dump of the specified mutable direct buffer to the specified string builder that is easy to read by humans .
returns a multi - line hexadecimal dump of the specified mutable direct buffer that is easy to read by humans .
removes a package from package repository . - - - returns the package dictionary . returns the package dictionary . test method . test method .
returns a position expression , or an optimized boolean item .
tries to add the given expression as an attribute to this loop ' s sequence . - - - adds a predicate and returns the optimized expression . this function is e . g . called by for # add predicate .
the constructor to be invoked is chosen using the normal overloading rules ( \ u00d4 \ u00f8 \ u03a915 . 12 . 2 ) .
returns a function that calculates the volatility sensitivity to model parameters by means of central finite difference . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
all the nodes that have been pushed since the node was opened are made children of the the conditional node , which is then pushed on to the stack . - - - this pair of methods are used to inform the node of its parent . this pair of methods are used to inform the node of its parent . this method tells the node to add its argument to the node ' s list of children . this method tells the node to add its argument to the node ' s list of children .
retrieve the tables ids that the txn tried to access that generated this exception . - - - retrieves a description of the tables available in the given catalog . only table descriptions matching the catalog , schema , table name and type criteria are returned . they are ordered by table _ type , table _ schem and table _ name . each table description has the following columns : table _ cat string = > table catalog ( may be null ) table _ schem string = > table schema ( may be null ) table _ name string = > table name table _ type string = > table type . typical types are " table " , " view " , " system table " , " global temporary " , " local temporary " , " alias " , " synonym " . remarks string = > explanatory comment on the table type _ cat string = > the types catalog ( may be null ) type _ schem string = > the types schema ( may be null ) type _ name string = > type name ( may be null ) self _ referencing _ col _ name string = > name of the designated " identifier " column of a typed table ( may be null ) ref _ generation string = > specifies how values in self _ referencing _ col _ name are created . values are " system " , " user " , " derived " . ( may be null ) note : some databases may not return information for all tables . hsqldb - specific information : hsqldb supports the sql standard . it treats unquoted identifiers as case insensitive in sql and stores them in upper case ; it treats quoted identifiers as case sensitive and stores them verbatim . all jdbcdatabase meta data methods perform case - sensitive comparison between name ( pattern ) arguments and the corresponding identifier values as they are stored in the database . therefore , care must be taken to specify name arguments precisely ( including case ) as they are stored in the database . since 1 . 7 . 0 , hsqldb returns extra information on text tables in the remarks column . since 1 . 7 . 0 , hsqldb includes the new jdbc3 columns type _ cat , type _ schem , type _ name and self _ referencing _ col _ name in anticipation of jdbc3 compliant tools . since 1 . 7 . 2 , this feature is supported by default . if the jar is compiled without org . hsqldb . database information full or org . hsqldb . database information main , the feature is not supported . the default implementation is org . hsqldb . dbinfo . database information full .
datasources must be less than 21 characters in length , so work to strip out the names to make it shorter .
not ideal at all .
the complexity constant c . ( default 1000 ) - - - checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string . checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string .
- r - - - checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string . checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string .
otherwise , the given deadline is wrapped into a generic deadline message as its payload .
return a list comprising the individual results . - - - decides how many index partitions should be generated ( n ) and builds n index segments from the source index partition . if n will be one ( 1 ) if a detailed inspection of the source index partition reveals that it should not be split .
update the system version of the concourse server installation to that of this upgrade task . - - - put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position .
returns visible and non no - op values deltas for the data kind this section represents .
serializes / streams an object into a byte buffer . - - - closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof ) closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof ) closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof )
the object has to implement interface serializable or externalizable or streamable . - - - closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof ) closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof ) closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof )
gets the locator which returns instances of t . - - - gets the provider to which this binding is bound .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
gets the key store .
returns docs enum for the specified field and term .
returns docs and positions enum for the specified field and term .
returns docs and positions enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether offsets and payloads are required .
terms enum # docs and positions ( bits , docs and positions enum , int ) .
returns docs enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether freqs are required .
terms enum # docs ( bits , docs enum , int ) .
get docs enum for the current term .
returns the wrapped docs and positions enum .
returns the wrapped docs enum .
tidy up - call each main class and let it tidy up e . g .
locks a block if it exists , throws ioexception otherwise .
releases a lock by its lock id or throw ioexception .
gets the metadata of a block given its block id or throws ioexception .
returns a set of numbers whose size equals the number num and whose value is less than or equal " population " . - - - returns the number of items in this tuple returns the number of items in this tuple sets the specified object to be indexed at the index computed from the specified coordinates .
action icons don ' t appear for feeds or when logged out , otherwise they appear only if the user can act upon them
returns an appropriate class loader that represents all the collected class loaders .
import static ratpack . rx . rx ratpack . promise ; - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
guice ) static class async service - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
exec result > result = exec harness . yield single ( execution - > promise ( service . observe ( " foo " ) ) ) ; - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
get the base url that this http config describes
creates a default classifier subset eval - - - sets the classifier to use
creates a default cfs subset eval - - - sets the classifier to use
creates a default wrapper subset eval - - - sets the classifier to use
returns a json containing the failed pseudowires and the reason that its one failed . - - - converts an optional to a stream .
obtains the provider of the class clazz that is scoped in the current scope , if any .
creates an instance of this class based on what configuration says our driver should be .
sets the pattern of task identifiers , for example , " " .
in case the idp is not present ( wasn ' t loaded from any metadata provider ) exception is thrown .
returns path of icon which is correct for currect state of tab at given index - - - return visuaized state of given catalog .
requests navigation to the given nav destination # get action destination ( int ) action , appropriate for the current location , e . g .
factory returning the singleton instance .
answer an iterator over all of the resources that are declared to be equivalent to this individual .
each elemeent of the iterator will be an ont resource .
any existing statements for will be removed . - - - set the value of the given property of this ontology resource to the given value , encoded as an rdfnode . maintains the invariant that there is at most one value of the property for a given resource , so existing property values are first removed . to add multiple properties , use # add property ( property , rdfnode ) add property . set the rdf type ( i . e . the class ) for this resource , replacing any existing rdf : type property . any existing statements for the rdf type will first be removed .
if this statement is not true of the current model , nothing happens . - - - remove a specified property - value pair , if it exists remove the statement that this resource is of the given rdf type . if this statement is not true of the current model , nothing happens .
answer true if this individual is the same as the given resource .
tries to restore the current tab from the given state , if that fails from the given intent extras .
if that fails as well , uses the last known selected tab .
puts definitions for xml element .
returns iff the shards content for the given shard can be deleted .
the scoping module
construct new service def .
searches for the pattern p in the data . - - - searches for the pattern pattern in the data . if the pattern is not found default value is returned searches for the pattern pattern in the data . if the pattern is not found default value is returned
searches for the pattern p in the data .
searches for the pattern p in the data . - - - searches for the pattern pattern in the data . if the pattern is not found default value is returned searches for the pattern pattern in the data . if the pattern is not found default value is returned
searches for the pattern p in the data .
print the frameset version of the html file header .
called only when generating an html frameset file .
calculates the model matrix for this atransformable3 d object . - - - sets all components of this vector3 to the values provided representing the input axis . sets all components of this vector3 to the values provided representing the input axis . left multiplies this matrix4 with the given one , storing the result in this matrix . a . left multiply ( b ) results in a = ba .
all command responses are cached in the command ' s server session context for fault tolerance .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the main thread .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the main thread .
lookups cashed scope data . - - - maps a put path . time .
emits a message containing a profile measurement . - - - ack the batch .
every tick just after world and other ticks occur
every tick just before world and other ticks occur
return a new loader for a script using the compiler ' s specified definition .
will check to see if the class has already been loaded when the definition was initially created .
anchor text for a field .
pick the javadoc root for a method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a field .
emit a struct .
if the plain struct is primitive or def this just emits the name of the struct .
pick the javadoc root for a struct .
anchor text for a method .
anchor text for a struct .
pick the javadoc root for a field .
returns entries directly below given entry . - - - gets a name specified by the key in the dictionary entries . if the key value is a reference , the name object that the reference points to is returned . overridden to trigger attributes update if the expiration date has been reached .
returns zip entries directly below given entry . - - - gets a name specified by the key in the dictionary entries . if the key value is a reference , the name object that the reference points to is returned . overridden to trigger attributes update if the expiration date has been reached .
get the type of the mob being hatched ( mob type . chicken by default )
plain refresh listeners instance to configure .
the join block for this phi .
this is always equal to the initial capacity of this deque less the current size of this deque .
note that you cannot always tell if an attempt to insert an element will succeed by inspecting remaining capacity because it may be the case that another thread is about to insert or remove an element .
returns true if this deque contains the specified element .
suppose x is a deque known to contain only strings .
the following code can be used to dump the deque into a newly allocated array of string :
returns true if this queue contained the specified element ( or equivalently , if this queue changed as a result of the call ) .
process messages as received from the 0 - successful 1 - failed fetching categories
this selects the date - time immediately after a gap and the later offset in overlaps . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' .
if you simply want to use the earlier offset at overlaps then call zoned date time # with earlier offset at overlap ( ) immediately after this method . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' .
returns the amount to scroll horizontally when the scrollbar is clicked .
returns the amount to scroll vertically when the scrollbar is clicked .
returns the first operator in this call site descriptor ' s name .
returns the error message to be used when dyn : call or dyn : new is used on a non - function .
returns the named operand in this descriptor ' s name .
for call sites without named operands ( e . g .
sorted database versions :
get all of the servers which suspect a specific member .
get the suspicions as reported by a specific server . - - - note that this doesn ' t exclude the envelope boundary . see jts envelope . note that this doesn ' t exclude the envelope boundary . see jts envelope .
returns true if field table is set ( has been asigned a value ) and false otherwise
prior to api level 23 , font resources with more than one font in a family will only load the first font in that family .
returns a new restlet server .
returns a new restlet container .
returns a new restlet container .
returns a new restlet server .
gets the username provided by the user as part of the authentication process .
returns this statistic ' s statistic type .
updates a question and adjusts question numbers if required .
updates the feedback question , including propagating question number update , shifts other questions up / down depending on the change . - - - get feedback question from database . updates a feedback question by feedback question attributes . update options . updates a feedback question by feedback question attributes . update options .
find history record from the event when the given segment was sealed .
method to check if no scale operation is currently ongoing and scale operation can be performed with given input . - - - returns all the segments from the from stream cut till to stream cut .
note that one agent throwing an exception on close may result in other agents not being closed . - - - note that one agent throwing an exception on close will not prevent other agents from being closed . note that one agent throwing an exception on close will not prevent other agents from being closed .
appends the given array to this chars ref starting at the current offset
the identifier will have the identifiers normalized into alphabetical order .
creates the edges and nodes files from the specified inputstream ( osm xml file ) . - - - this creates a file for write or read locks depending on the specified write access property . important note : even for read locks we need write access to the underlying filesystem in order to avoid writes from other processes . this creates a file for write or read locks depending on the specified write access property . important note : even for read locks we need write access to the underlying filesystem in order to avoid writes from other processes .
in case there is a column with more gaps than allowed it will be shrinked ( moved to free pool ) . - - - convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
insert a gap in one of the structures in a random position in the alignment . - - - convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
the random distribution is not uniform , positions with higher distance are more likely to be gapped . - - - convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
there are many possible parameter implementations , for example reporting currency .
obtains an instance specifying the functions , market data rules , reporting currency and additional parameters . - - - returns a new trade report .
gets the reporting currency , defaulting to " natural " if not specified . - - - finds the parameter that matches the specified query type . this method may throw an exception if the parameters have not been filtered . returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
combines the parameters with another set of parameters .
return the fps slider property value .
returns a sql join operator . join type , never null .
returns a sql join operator . condition type , never null . - - - returns the value as a symbol .
waits if necessary for at most the given time for the computation to complete , and then retrieves its result , if available .
clears swap entries for evicted partition . - - - returns all events that were seen by this appender so far . gets enabled flag . stores given data in this fulltext index . swaps values . attempt to move cursor position forward . removes passed in entry if it presents in the map . stores given data in this fulltext index . returns all events that were seen by this appender so far . create key object . gets local node id . error value for model answer . error value for model answer .
gets the name of the deployment . - - - get the attribute name .
report the assigned threshold .
this method returns entire resultset as one list . - - - synonym of # where ( string , object . . . ) logs a query information to the log system without time logs a query information to the log system without time close multiple resources . calls # close quietly ( auto closeable ) under the hood . close multiple resources . calls # close quietly ( auto closeable ) under the hood .
this method returns a value of the first column of the first row . - - - synonym of # where ( string , object . . . ) logs a query information to the log system without time logs a query information to the log system without time close multiple resources . calls # close quietly ( auto closeable ) under the hood . close multiple resources . calls # close quietly ( auto closeable ) under the hood .
prepares a component for calling any pending state updates on it by setting a global key , setting the tree props which the component requires from its parent , setting a scoped component context and applies the pending state updates .
removes all the telegrams from the queue and releases them to the internal pool . - - - removes all listeners on this actor . frees an object from the # get ( class ) pool . clears the depth buffer by setting the depth to - 1 .
get the redirect action computed when we call redirect . - - - initialize the response handling . initialize the response handling .
instance . missing value ( ) if the area is not available . - - - returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . . returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . .
method used to assert that an expected activity is currently active with the possibility to verify that the expected activity is a new instance of the activity object .
prints the list of points from the given list of submission data . - - - gets the usage statistics attributes instance of the given usage statistics . gets the usage statistics attributes instance of the given usage statistics . gets the usage statistics attributes instance of the given usage statistics .
set the output stream which will receive a detailed log of the types which were examined in order to determine serializability .
it ' s better to get the sub - readers ( using
execute some code , expressed via a shutdown job tracker executable , while the job tracker is shutdown . - - - returns the resource manager address returns the resource manager address
once the code has finished , the job tracker is restarted ( even if an exception occurs ) . - - - returns the resource manager address returns the resource manager address
gets the point at the index within the time - series . - - - returns a new trade report . obtains an instance by copying part of an array . the input array is copied and not mutated .
the dates and values arrays must be the same size . - - - checks that the specified boolean is true . given the input argument , this returns normally only if it is true . this will typically be the result of a caller - specific check . for example : arg checker . is true ( value & gt ; check , " value must be greater than check : " , value ) ; this returns void , and not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . puts a single value into the map . if the key already exists , the value will be replaced . puts a single value into the map . if the key already exists , the value will be replaced .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
if a commit fails , it will be retried ( up to datastore writer fn # max _ retries times ) .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from the cloud datastore will be thrown .
note this is before the fragment ' s # on attach ( fragment activity ) has been called ; all you should do here is parse the attributes and save them away .
big decimal and big integer java . util . date
tests if specified path points to root node of a device . - - - compares two device key identifiers for equality . compares two device key identifiers for equality . compares two device key identifiers for equality . compares two device key identifiers for equality . compares two device key identifiers for equality .
clicks the sort course by name button .
clicks the sort course by id button .
clears the file , fills with zeros for default mode . - - - this method should be used for adding quick debug statements in code while debugging . calls to this method should never be committed to master . gets size of a wal segment in bytes . writes up to cnt bytes to the buffer starting at buf to the file descriptor fd . the file offset is changed . see " man 2 write " . sets force fail node flag . clears the hll . the hll will have cardinality zero and will act as if no elements have been added . note : unlike # add raw ( long ) , clear does not handle transitions between hlltypes - a probabilistic type will remain probabilistic after being cleared .
removes the elements in this collection that are matched according to the specified closure condition .
retains only the elements in this collection that are matched according to the specified closure condition .
gets the value of the is deployed property .
packs a tiled map , adding some properties to improve the speed of the tiled map renderer . - - - convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle .
also runs the texture packer on the tiles for use with a tile atlas - - - convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle .
the default behavior is described in cache affinity key mapper documentation .
the default behavior is described in cache affinity key mapper documentation .
requests cache affinity function and cache affinity key mapper from remote node .
resets the connection addresses .
resets the addresses .
returns the set of servers in the cluster .
returns the current set of servers . - - - resets the head of the journal to the given index .
there is no concept of a block in oss , however the maximum allowed size of one file is currently 5 gb . - - - note that the bytes written should take compression and encoding into consideration . if the writer writes to a file , the bytes written should be an estimate of the actual bytes written to the file .
create stats for all the constituent pattern rides of this ride .
m connected devices is null .
one headset bluetooth device is available and activated
preference summary should be activate device name
more than one headset bluetooth devices are available , and second device is active .
preference summary should be activate device name
preference summary should be activate device name
preference summary should be activate device name
returns a human readable string summary of the internal state of the given byte array .
loading complete ( ) is called by form loader once it has finished loading a form . - - - creates and displays dialog with the given error msg . sends an event to all the observers who have registered to receive the event type .
create a range query for matching an exact big integer value .
this is for simple one - dimension points , for multidimensional points use # new multi big integer range new multi big integer range ( ) instead .
encode n - dimensional big integer values into binary encoding
create a range query for matching an address .
create a range query for matching a cidr network range .
get the value of log ( n ) , expanding the cache as necessary - - - log this message so that it shows up inline during output as well as in html reports
in some cases , a requires http action may be thrown :
returns the i / o - access of this heap .
notifies the listeners that recovery has completed
notifies the listeners that recovery has started
returns the gradle coordinate ( ex .
collects and processes all the rule and attribute documentation in input dirs and generates the build encyclopedia into the output root dir . - - - prints out the seeds for the classes in the given program class pool .
adds a file to the classpath if it does exist
adds a file to the classpath if it does exist
build default cmd from init cmd
load proxy configuration .
get available data source parameters . - - - remove postgre sql connection context .
convert yaml to data source parameter map .
convert data source parameter map to yaml string .
convert yaml to proxy configuration .
create a parent jsonobject named name + key _ array encode = true ;
create a parent jsonobject named key _ array encode = true ;
callback called by instance when stopped . - - - removes all values from to remove map from from map . after removal , set values in from map may be smaller or removed entirely ( if there are no more values in given set ) . removes all values from to remove map from from map . after removal , set values in from map may be smaller or removed entirely ( if there are no more values in given set ) .
process the artifact instance in the eam db
process the artifact md5s in the eam db for matches of case files which are not known - - - process the artifact instance in the eam db
returns the text content of the given string ( without the appropriate quoting ) .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
utility method for converting an enum set to a bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
disposes the connection associated with this stream response . - - - gets the deserialized response body . sets up the downstream subscriber .
decode the bytes and return . - - - decodes a byte array in base64 url format .
create ballerina error struct . - - - create an error value with given error type defined in the given module . create an association between an anticipated response stream id and a io . netty . channel . channel promise . create an error value with given error type defined in the given module .
get if force all element as block is enabled .
if enable , the html output methods will consider all tags as block .
checks the accept header to see if it clients accept the correct media type
load markup and add a watcherto the markup resource .
submits the get response to a rest response handler so that it can be sent ( or the exception handled ) . - - - sends out responses immediately . returns control only after response has been consumed and sent over the rest response channel . if the response building was unsuccessful for any reason , the details are included in the exception . the bytes consumed from the response are streamed out ( unmodified ) through the rest response channel . assumed that at least one of response or exception is null . sends out responses immediately . returns control only after response has been consumed and sent over the rest response channel . if the response building was unsuccessful for any reason , the details are included in the exception . the bytes consumed from the response are streamed out ( unmodified ) through the rest response channel . assumed that at least one of response or exception is null .
checks reactions of all methods in admin blob storage service to bad rest response handler and rest request implementations . - - - handles a get operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a get operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a post operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a post operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a delete operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a delete operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a head operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a head operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client .
when this function returns , it may not be sent yet .
tracks the state of the rest request handlers provided as input and periodically reports how many of them are alive and well . - - - registers with kms to create key for a unique pair of account id and container id registers with kms to create key for a unique pair of account id and container id
sets up the mock rest request handler controller that netty message processor can use .
returns a resource manager options instance that sets the host to use the mock server .
for shitlist renderer in router console
if the current bucket count is below the # hash _ table _ shrink _ limit multiplied with the hash table capacity , then the hash table will be shrinked .
updates the digest with a string using its length plus its utf8 encoded bytes . - - - returns the utf - 8 data as an array of bytes . appends an int to the fingerprint message . updates a global binding in the module .
updates the digest with the little - endian bytes of a given long value .
updates the digest with the little - endian bytes of a given int value .
sets the seek dispatcher .
sets the seek dispatcher .
althought it may seem that reparsing is bizzare , but it is one [ of not so many ] ways to do proper marshaling .
this kind of inneficiency will only hit query constraints that have many object with custom marshaling , which considered to be a rare case .
returns a char matcher that matches any character present in the given character sequence . - - - atomically sets the element at position i to the given value .
give this frame a processing icon .
creates a new glow offline player instance for the given player profile .
look up the player profile for a given uuid . - - - reads a glow player profile from a json object . reads a glow player profile from a json object .
look up the player profile for a given uuid .
returns a player profile for each player whose uuid is in the list file .
returns the leader ' s recycle index .
sets the number of entries per segment , returning the builder for method chaining .
sets the maximum key size , returning the builder for method chaining . - - - sets the serializer name .
returns the maximum key size .
sets the number of entries per log segment .
sets the maximum key size .
sets the maximum key size , returning the configuration for method chaining .
sets the number of entries per segment , returning the configuration for method chaining .
returns the number of entries per segment .
sets the log retention policy , returning the configuration for method chaining .
reads the entry term .
writes the entry term .
returns the maximum key size for the segment .
force preload . - - - registers a callback to be invoked when the future completes . if the future is already completed , callback will be invoked immediately in the current thread . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored .
type - safe overload of # read values ( json parser , resolved type ) .
type converter for an int to a work status .
type converter for a work status to an int .
returns a directory with a default name in the private cache directory of the application to use to store retrieved audio .
this implementation moves the updated entry to the top of the list .
processes a specified file and prints out all errors found . - - - counts the lines of the text .
checks that each java file in the fileset has a package . html sibling . - - - notify all listeners about the beginning of a file audit . a message dispatcher is used to fire violations to interested audit listeners . notify all listeners about the end of a file audit .
downloads content of url to output file and uses . - - - downloads content of url to output file atomically . output file won ' t be modified in case of any i / o download errors . renames this file to the new name . this method should be only called within write - action . see application # run write action ( runnable ) . deletes a node from the heap given the reference to the node . the trees in the heap will be consolidated , if necessary . this operation may fail to remove the correct element if there are nodes with key value - infinity . running time : o ( log n ) amortized
links e as first element , or returns false if full .
links e as last element , or returns false if full .
call the next interceptor in the chain or send the request when the end of the chain is reached . - - - call the next interceptor in the chain . call the next interceptor in the chain . send the http request , this executes the client phase # send _ request phase : traverse the interceptor chain send the actual request
trigger the execution of this step serially
get command configuration for given id .
gets metadata for the specified kind , or throws an exception if the kind is unknown - - - gets metadata for the specified kind , returning null if nothing registered . this method is not like the others because it returns null instead of throwing an exception if the kind is not found .
determines whether the given parameter is associated with the http request parameter of the given name .
r language definition and internals for this behavior ) .
navigate via an action defined on the current destination . - - - navigate via the given nav directions navigate via the given nav directions
navigate via an action defined on the current destination . - - - attempts to pop the controller ' s back stack back to a specific destination . attempts to pop the controller ' s back stack back to a specific destination . attempts to pop the controller ' s back stack back to a specific destination . navigate via the given nav directions
navigate via an action defined on the current destination . - - - navigate via the given nav directions navigate via the given nav directions
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating via an action .
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating via an action . - - - navigate via the given nav directions navigate via the given nav directions
loads mime type settings from the file ' mime . types ' in the classpath , if it ' s available .
serializes this processing result to an xml stream .
returns a set of extensions in this map .
returns whether this toolchain supports interface shared objects . - - - returns true if this provider is enabled and can provide auth headers . this method is a necessity due to the way blaze modules work .
get the set of all providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying services hk2 services container .
hands over the response to the associated put chunk that issued the request .
create a new point builder from a geo point
name of the google cloud project that stores the data and will run the code , probably broad - dsde - dev
detect the mime type of a file , posting it to the blackboard if detection succeeds .
detect the mime type of a file . - - - detect the mime type of the passed in file detect the mime type of the passed in file
generates the drop statements for all xml tables .
generates the drop statements for all database objects of this type .
returns the number of b b b servers where group id = ?
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns all the b b b servers where group id = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the b b b servers where group id = ? . - - - returns an ordered range of all the web ex sites where group id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end - start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from web ex site model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have an order by clause and the returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order .
removes all the b b b servers where group id = ?
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns a range of all the b b b servers where group id = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the number of b b b servers where group id = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where group id = ? .
removes all the b b b servers where group id = ?
returns all the b b b servers where group id = ?
and active = ? .
returns all the b b b servers where group id = ? .
access a list of content entity ( resources and collections ) objects in this path ( and below ) to which the current user has access . - - - get all entries within a range sorted by id . access a list of all the content resource objects in this collection ( and below ) .
use standard skylark convention , i . e . , double - quoted single - line string , as opposed to standard python convention , i . e .
loads a script by calling load script file ( clazz , test name , null ) - - - loads a script from the load directory using the name of a unit test as the root name for the script file and " . btm " or , failing that , " . txt " for the file extension loads a script from the load directory using the name of a unit test as the root name for the script file and " . btm " or , failing that , " . txt " for the file extension
gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = ignite - core .
test point 1 : the user configures - default , which will delete all the default parameters
display a dialog to choose a file name to save an image to - - - filters the model items by searching for the given sub - string . case is ignored for matching . causes runnable to have its run method called in the dispatch thread of the event queue . this will happen after all pending events are processed . the call blocks until this has happened . logs a record at the specified level . the defaut implementation formats the message immediately , then delegates to plain # log ( level , string ) log ( level , message ) . returns the absolute path of a test file , given its location in the test data set returns the index in this list of the last occurence of the specified element , or - 1 if the list does not contain this element . this method is overridden only for performance reason ( the default implementation would work as well ) . logs a record at the specified level . the defaut implementation formats the message immediately , then delegates to plain # log ( level , string ) log ( level , message ) .
gets the user - friendly status of the route . - - - get the string value for the given key . get the string value for the given key .
sets the user - friendly status of the route . - - - sets a string value to the data store . once the value is set the data store is responsible for holding it . sets a string value to the data store . once the value is set the data store is responsible for holding it .
convert the table or column name to lower case .
convert the table or column name to lower case .
lists all files ( not subdirectories ) in the directory .
unhides a page from any user who doesn ' t have site . upd
checks if users without site . upd can see a page or not
sets the maximum number of merge threads and simultaneous merges allowed .
if poll returns non - null , the returned task is completed
if timed poll returns non - null , the returned task is completed
checks if the text is composed of all numbers .
sets the uin of the msn registration account .
returns the uin of the msn registration account .
checks whether any of the protocols ' above ' start _ index provide evt _ type
check whether any of the protocols ' below ' end _ index provide evt _ type
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by stream handler factories . - - - create and run a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run until the input stream is exhausted . create and run a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run until the input stream is exhausted . create and run a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run until the input stream is exhausted . create and run a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run until the input stream is exhausted .
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by stream handler factories .
execute a program defined by the args array with default stream handlers that consume the program ' s output ( to prevent it from blocking on buffers ) and then ignore said output .
gets the components ' path . - - - inserts the string representation of the double argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . value of , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset argument must be greater than or equal to 0 , and less than or equal to the length of this string buffer . test method for ' org . apache . wicket . util . string . prepending string buffer . prepend ( string ) ' inserts the string representation of the double argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . value of , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset argument must be greater than or equal to 0 , and less than or equal to the length of this string buffer . test method for ' org . apache . wicket . util . string . prepending string buffer . prepend ( string ) '
gets the current session object .
called when a link is clicked ; this is here to satisfy the interface , as bookmarkable links will be dispatched by the handling servlet .
applies the ognl expression on the model object using the given object argument ( ognl . set value ) . - - - gets the used converter . gets the used converter . sets the value object that will be returned by # get value ( ) . sets the value object that will be returned by # get value ( ) .
if the resource key contains ognl and the model is null then the returned value is the actual resource key with all substitutions undertaken . - - - interpolates a string with the arguments defined in the given map . interpolates a string with the arguments defined in the given map .
if it ' s " deployment " , deployment settings are used . - - - this method is not part of the wicket public api . do not call it . internal initialization . first determine the deployment mode . first check the system property - dwicket . configuration . if it does not exist check the servlet init parameter ( & lt ; init - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name & gt ; configuration & lt ; / param - name & gt ; ) . if not found check the servlet context init parameter & lt ; context - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name6gt ; configuration & lt ; / param - name & gt ; ) . if the parameter is " development " ( which is default ) , settings appropriate for development are set . if it ' s " deployment " , deployment settings are used . if development is specified and a " source folder " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes . gets the wicket metrics settings configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler
if development configuration is specified and a " source folder " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes . - - - this method is not part of the wicket public api . do not call it . internal initialization . first determine the deployment mode . first check the system property - dwicket . configuration . if it does not exist check the servlet init parameter ( & lt ; init - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name & gt ; configuration & lt ; / param - name & gt ; ) . if not found check the servlet context init parameter & lt ; context - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name6gt ; configuration & lt ; / param - name & gt ; ) . if the parameter is " development " ( which is default ) , settings appropriate for development are set . if it ' s " deployment " , deployment settings are used . if development is specified and a " source folder " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes . gets the wicket metrics settings configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler
converts the given value object to class c using ognl ops . - - - convert between basic java types , i . e . primitives and their wrappers , numbers and strings . this method also detects when arrays are being converted and converts the components of one array to the type of the other . convert between basic java types , i . e . primitives and their wrappers , numbers and strings . this method also detects when arrays are being converted and converts the components of one array to the type of the other .
takes a package and a relative path to a class and returns any class at that relative path .
gets the tag name part ( eg ' form ' in ' html : form ' or ' form ' ) converted to all lower case characters .
see task # get identity ( ) for the contract .
creates a new byte key backed by the specified byte string .
returns an immutable byte string representing this byte key .
throws a non empty exception exception
throws a non empty exception exception
sets the replica provider .
works around shortcomings in java ' s this ( ) constructor calls
gets the value of the section property .
gets the value of the entity property .
entity independent meta - data sections gets the value of the section property .
remove all assignments , resulting in an empty group .
if set is not , characters between start and end are chosen .
split the various bar entities ( used once at end of bars builder ) .
( used at every run of verticals builder ) .
mines the nonce for the specified block header with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( ) - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
when mined the block header ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
mines the nonce for the specified block header with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( ) - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
when mined the block header ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
format a warning string in the proper warning format by prepending a warn code , warn agent , wrapping the warning string in quotes , and appending the rfc 1123 date .
usually called once the structure of the mining schema has been determined .
return the configured buffer allocator , never null .
configure the data buffer allocator to use for write i / o .
by default this is set to default data buffer allocator .
buffer size and location info .
this invalidate all invocation is potentially time consuming as we will block for 5 seconds for additional cassandra clients to be returned for cleanup .
the task _ channel .
if one is not initialized then a new one is created if the new configuration is different in metadata conf vars then a new one is created .
gets collection of example instances .
return the property read or write that triggered the lazy load .
serialize this instance as xml to output stream . - - - closes the jar archive by creating the manifest , and signing the archive .
adds a mapping from an ontology uri to a physical uri which has a base of this mapper and a specified local name - in other words the physical uri will be determined by resolving the local name against the uri base of this mapper .
convert the specified map of wire attributes to message attribute format ( by adding a namespacing prefix ) .
resolves the first bound for the type variable , returning object . class if none can be resolved .
if no arguments can be resolved then object . class is returned .
subscribes to this completable and calls the given runnable when this completable completes normally .
returns a completable instance that runs the given runnable for each subscriber and emits either an unchecked exception or simply completes .
scheduler : from runnable does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
calls the unsubscribe runnable if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
calls the unsubscribe runnable if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
updates the time zone of a specific tag
helper function to sort members a list of members according to an expression . - - - sorts a collection of objects using a java . util . comparator and returns a list . sorts a collection of objects using a java . util . comparator and returns a list .
randomly selects a variable and assigns it to a value randomly taken in [ lb , ub ]
returns grouped vars . - - - binds a variable . binds a variable .
casts the specified item or checks its type . - - - test method . test method . cast expression . cast expression .
evaluates the variable and returns the resulting item .
binds the specified item to the variable .
get all annotation annotations from the supplied method .
return tidy markup html data format ( an xml document ) either as org . w3c . dom . node
get the size of compressed and uncompressed data in the stream ' s buffers . - - - returns the size of the file manager ' s buffer .
return the expression to evaluate before indexing
sets the grouping operation of the query . - - - sets value to false .
returns true if the shortcuts already exists in the database .
table supports only sizeable . units _ pixels and sizeable . units _ rows .
gets the parameter grouping object to access its operations .
gets the xms client request id object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in method object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in credentials object to access its operations .
gets the skip url encoding object to access its operations .
gets the header operations object to access its operations .
gets the api version local object to access its operations .
gets the api version default object to access its operations .
gets the http success object to access its operations .
gets the lros object to access its operations .
gets the lros custom header object to access its operations .
gets the lroretrys object to access its operations .
gets the lrosads object to access its operations .
gets the paging object to access its operations .
gets the group object to access its operations .
this is necessary to make sure childs are coming after their parents - - - store the ordered list of tree nodes in a cache .
rq headers can find single header .
rq headers can find default header . - - - get single part . get single part .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate but not skill modifiers . - - - gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded . gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate and skill modifiers . - - - gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded . gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded .
a test to ensure the method time zone . in daylight time ( ) is working correctly . - - - clears all registered timezones . determines if the specified date is in daylight time according to this timezone . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time . determines if the specified date is in daylight time according to this timezone . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time . determines if the specified date is in daylight time according to this timezone . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time . determines if the specified date is in daylight time according to this timezone . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time .
stop an existing server instance . - - - allow sub classes to fire lifecycle events . provides a mechanism for sub - classes to update the component state . calling this method will automatically fire any associated lifecycle event . it will also check that any attempted state transition is valid for a sub - class . loads a key store from an input stream working around the known jdk bug https : / / bugs . openjdk . java . net / browse / jdk - 8157404 . this code can be removed once the minimum java version for tomcat is 13 . log an error with fatal log level . get associated server forward notification of a parsing error to the application supplied error handler ( if any ) . log an error with info log level . await and shutdown . get associated server signals the acceptor to stop , optionally waiting for that stop process to complete before returning . if a wait is requested and the stop does not complete in that time a warning will be logged . forward notification of a parsing error to the application supplied error handler ( if any ) .
clears all managed elements . - - - clears the filter set . removed a specific file from the cache . clears the filter set . clears the filter set . clears the filter set . clears the filter set .
get quantity assay .
retrieve listing of secret names
returns the first biological assembly that is available for a protein structure . - - - returns the biological assembly for the given pdb id and bioassembly identifier , using multi model = atom cache # default _ bioassembly _ style
if it is not available , the asymmetric unit will be loaded , i . e . - - - return the header information for this pdb file . n . b . take care when you blindly use the returned object from this method , because it might be null in some cases . builds a structure object containing the quaternary structure built from given asym unit and transformations , by adding symmetry partners as new models . the output structure will be different depending on the multi model parameter : the symmetry - expanded chains are added as new models , one per transform id . all original models but the first one are discarded . as original with symmetry - expanded chains added with renamed chain ids and names ( in the form original asym id _ transform id and original auth id _ transform id )
return the list of matched classnames in lexographical order .
removes the specified panel .
get the aeron uri for this channel .
updates the sensor triggers for a sensor .
gets the current list of sensor triggers in this experiment for a particular sensor .
verifies that out of memory exception is thrown when cache is configured with too small memory policy .
get the names of all char sets that can be recognized by the char set detector .
throw a datastore exception with failed _ precondition error and the message in a nested exception .
see also # copy ( float [ ] , int , int ) .
try to convert the object to a float .
this method is called when a nio server socket channel is successfully registered . - - - registers a task without parent task
adds an interest in accepts for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects and reads for this channel while maintaining other interests .
checks for an interest in writes for this channel .
removes an interest in connects , reads , and writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
adds an interest in writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
intended for use by unit test environment to reset the global environment to a clean state . - - - set the value of object named name to value . if value = = null , effectively removes the name . explicitly set the parent of an environment . todo change the enclosing frame of ( any ) associated truffle frame
retrieves the set of collection roles for the bags encountered .
returns null if it can ' t be acquired . - - - returns the unique log identifier of the current request . may be safely called multiple times , will always return the same result ( within the same request ) .
finds a new spawning point .
returns the resource id .
leave out of type signature to avoid confusing type inference .
the appropriate serializer will be read from the buffer by reading the 8 - bit signed integer from the start of the buffer .
gets a service property . - - - casts the entry to the given type . casts the entry to the given type .
reads the entire input stream from the given reader and parses it as json .
security context holder we are logging out a session that is not related to the current user .
looks up handle for a dynamic method call .
load proxy server configuration .
convert proxy proxy server configuration to yaml string .
convert yaml to proxy proxy server configuration .
called when a key is pressed .
returns the next combination of array index values , or null if the index value space has been exhausted .
get the ' grant table ' right of this object .
set the background color of the search orb . - - - sets the search orb colors . other colors are provided by the framework . sets the colors used to display the search orb .
from this . source file name , prepend path elements to try to find the actual file intended , and use the resulting fully - qualified name to initialize source file .
set the size of the indent in spaces .
add spaces to the current indentation until it is reaches " column " and push it on the indentation stack . - - - add one item . either pass a string , or a format for string . format and corresponding arguments .
set the indent of the next line to the column the cursor is currently in .
set the top and bottom offset for this view offset helper ' s view .
set the left and right offset for this view offset helper ' s view .
if the block is not on top storage tier , promote block to top storage tier
load the url into the webview after waiting for period of time . - - - init when loading a new html page into webview . load the url into the webview .
update datasource configuration .
enables the console reporter for the given metrics registry , and causes it to print to stdout with the specified period .
else it will try to return the link .
if the link is not given , it will use the title of the entry .
else it will try to return the link .
if the link is not given , it will use the title of the entry .
returns an array of values at the given percentiles .
returns the value at the given percentile .
set the debug flag for verbose output to stdout
registers the execution listener object for this vertex . - - - create a integer resource version with given integer value . create a integer resource version with given integer value .
unregisters the execution listener object for this vertex . - - - deletes the mapping of the given key . deletes the mapping of the given key .
get the mc mmoplayer of a player by name .
binds global configuration data . - - - bind a value to a callable statement by name
appends the end - of - line terminator . - - - appends some parts to the current line . appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
creates a new soy file supplier given a resource url , as well as the desired file path for messages .
returns the first key as a string .
null if there is no escaping mode for the given command .
returns the path to the source soy file ( null if not supplied ) .
retrieves the list of delegate template divisions ( sorted in descencing priority order ) given the delegate template name .
returns a map from delegate template name to list of delegate template divisions , where each list is sorted in descending priority order .
selects a delegate template based on the rendering rules , given the delegate template name and the set of active delegate package names .
called when the renderer is released .
generic verify dsa _ sha1 or ecdsa
sets the free capacity threshold below which a warning is issued .
sets the eviction threshold above which an error is issued .
monoid add = mondoid . of ( 1 , semigroups . int sum ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
gets the immutable list value for the item enchantments .
gets the immutable list value of item enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
gets the list value for the item enchantments .
gets the list value of item enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
the enchantment level is varied based on vanilla mechanics .
creates a new bi consumer that takes the provided enchantment and applies it to the generated item stack .
the enchantment level is defined by the variable amount provided .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
collects property descriptors for all properties exposed by the given type and all its super interfaces . - - - returns a new streamable that will apply the given filter predicate to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given filter predicate to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given filter predicate to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . creates a non - parallel stream of the underlying iterable .
convenience wrapper for # encode into array ( connections , double , int [ ] ) - - - returns n check for length the same and copy input into output if output bits on count ( w ) set , throw error if not true check for length the same and copy input into output if output bits on count ( w ) set , throw error if not true
this can be used in conjunction with # pprint ( connections , int [ ] , string ) .
listen for a message on a channel . - - - inserts certain value into the binary tree inserts certain value into the binary tree inserts certain value into the binary tree
listen for a message on a channel . - - - inserts certain value into the binary tree inserts certain value into the binary tree inserts certain value into the binary tree
refer to mime message helper # produce mime message ( email , session )
this creates a protobuf message containing a client protocol . request - - - create a builder for the given host machine and host name create a builder for the given host machine and host name
process get block by hash sends a requested block to a peer if the block is available .
returns the smallest version between the 2 .
all indices that were created before elasticsearch v2 . 0 . 0 . beta1 should be reindexed in elasticsearch 2 . x before they can be opened by this version of elasticsearch .
if the server advertises cli port , returns it .
creates a monitoring timestamped index in a given version .
reads the id and the parent distance of this entry from the specified input stream . - - - calls the super method and reads the values of this entry from the specified input stream . read an integer from the byte array at the given offset .
writes the id and the parent distance of this entry to the specified output stream . - - - calls the super method and writes the values of this entry to the specified stream . write an integer to the byte array at the given offset . non - type - checking version . non - type - checking version .
the user specified one , if set for a war project , the jetty default one for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
the user specified one , if set for a war project , the jetty default one for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary .
a snapshot is disconnected from the extent that it was taken from so changes to the original block do not affect the snapshot .
calls the mapper function on the extent and position . - - - creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location . creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location .
calls the mapper function on the extent and block position . - - - creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location . creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location .
create a new instance with a new extent .
calls the mapper function on the extent and biome position . - - - creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location . creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location .
calls the mapper function on the extent and chunk position . - - - creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location . creates a new instance based on this archetype at the given location .
gets a locatable block if the parent extent of this location is a world . - - - gets a server world world by a resource key key . gets a server world world by a resource key key .
returns true if this location is in the given extent .
gets the underlying extent .
note : this can be null if the extent is unloaded and garbage collected .
creates a default restclient .
triggers event indicating that this jvm is now part of a cluster .
returns the element ' s path . - - - returns the initialized workplace manager , which contains information about the global workplace settings . gets the icon .
returns the element ' s resource type name . - - - returns the resource manager .
set the table name which is turned into lowercase .
get the list of entities based on a reference and supplied search , passes through to the ep methods if available
checks that the group ' s declared environments are legitimate same - package environment rules and prepares the " fulfills " relationships between these environments to support # get fulfillers .
to preserve the difference between empty list and null
returns a jaxbsource .
returns an xml source or transformation instructions . - - - returns the wrapped representation ' s stream . returns the reference to a method definition element . returns the reference to a method definition element .
returns a link for a given path . - - - appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the
parse the data provided by the extension . - - - make sure to keep wiki field and map synchronized . make sure to keep wiki field and map synchronized .
the data is provided in a large string property of the extension object . - - - make sure to keep wiki field and map synchronized . make sure to keep wiki field and map synchronized .
calculates the absolute path from a base to a relative location .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . period until ( end instant , seconds ) .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . period until ( end date , days ) .
for example , the amount in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .
for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .
there are then three sections , each consisting of a number and a suffix .
at least one of the three sections must be present .
for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . period until ( end year , decades ) .
in strict mode , no ers is assumed and the year _ of _ era is left untouched .
the era value is a valid era number , - 999 , - 1 . . 2 .
checks if this unit is a date unit .
resolves this field to provide a simpler alternative .
it is designed to allow application defined fields to be simplified into more standard fields , such as those on chrono field .
this is not the way to get a graph store for sdb - an sdb store object is a graph store no conversion necessary .
by default , it returns the current challenge response secret . - - - converts a byte array into a character array using the default character set .
a convenience method to add a namespace mapping - - - sets a prefix name for a given prefix . note that prefix names must end with a colon . sets a prefix name for a given prefix . note that prefix names must end with a colon .
default cache implementation : uses wah8 doc id set .
it pings remote host ( www . google . com ) at port 80 every 2 seconds with 2 seconds of timeout .
observes connectivity with the internet by opening socket connection with remote host
retruns iff the given name is a registered for an exception to be read .
create a config merger for calculating the config tests .
allows generating a date exactly as it would be outputed by gson .
gson internally uses the jvm ' s timezone to format dates , so the actual output depends on the platform and cannot be stored as a constant string .
create a new element by tag name , and add it to this element . - - - validates that the string is not null and is not empty
adds a node to this element .
returns jodd bean runtime components .
request removal of all modules .
request un - deployment of an existing named module .
create a new domain object .
request un - deployment of all modules .
request deployment of an existing named module .
historical and transactional reads are still allowed , but we remove the the read - committed or unisolated views from the cache once the index has been dropped . - - - returns the key of the property removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map . removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
returns a wallet . send request suitable for broadcasting to the network . - - - simply wraps a pre - built incomplete transaction provided by you . simply wraps a pre - built incomplete transaction provided by you .
defaults to # default _ offset
sets whether or not the search returns facets for the domain . - - - add multiple messages . use this method over # add ( message ) if you have more than one message to add , you ' ll allow implementation to batch persistence if possible .
closes and creates a new master client , in case the master changes . - - - closes the connection with the alluxio remote and does the necessary cleanup . it should be used if the client has not connected with the remote for a while , for example . tests to ensure file # delete ( ) is called when the stream is closed . rpc for establishing bi - di stream between client / server .
removes only the type information from the root document .
if none of the configured realms successfully authenticates the request , an authentication exception will be thrown .
get the index where the attribute will be inserted - - - gets the string representing the selected range of values .
set the index where the attribute will be inserted - - - sets the index from a string representation . note that set upper ( ) must be called for the value to be actually set
merges this bloom filter with another bloom filter by performing a bitwise or of the underlying data . - - - ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . see # check argument ( boolean , string , object . . . ) for details . ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . see # check argument ( boolean , string , object . . . ) for details . ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . see # check argument ( boolean , string , object . . . ) for details . ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . see # check argument ( boolean , string , object . . . ) for details . returns the number of elements in this queue . copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this map . the effect of this call is equivalent to that of calling put ( k , v ) on this map once for each mapping from key k to value v in the specified map . the behavior of this operation is undefined if the specified map is modified while the operation is in progress .
determines whether a given bloom filter is able to be merged with this bloom filter .
not be the same instance have the same number of hash functions have the same size have the same strategy have equal funnels
merge two bit arrays using bitwise or .
connects to service app ' s remote media session2 service .
connects to service app ' s remote media session compat service .
connects to client app ' s remote media controller2 service .
connects to client app ' s remote media controller compat service .
create a path to draw a next connector .
create a path to draw only a statement input connector .
destroys any managed services ( those started by this process and represented in # running processes ) . - - - destroy the provisioned sail . a warning issued by a client when it is in danger of depleting its resources . removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map . invoked if the parse fails ( default is nop ) . a warning issued by a client when it is in danger of depleting its resources .
retrieves the attribute value and returns it in the payload of a message . - - - convert to a message . the default implementation calls # to message builder ( string , mqtt message ) .
utility method to return an unmodifiable copy of a given list .
total negatives true negatives + false positives
returns preprocessing policy for this map .
sets the pre - processing policy .
see preprocessing policy for more information
creates a ref watcher instance and starts watching activity references ( on ics + ) .
returns the executor service used by this async client to execute requests .
if there are more log streams to list , the response would contain a value in the response body . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of log streams returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can provide an optional time range to filter the results on the event . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can limit the streams searched to an explicit list of . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
if the response includes a , then there is more data to search , and the search can be resumed with a new request providing the next token . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
the response will contain a list of that contains information about which streams were searched in the request and whether they have been searched completely or require further pagination . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
a destination encapsulates a physical resource ( such as a kinesis stream ) and allows you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events of a different account , ingested through requests . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
if there are more log groups to list , the response would contain a value in the response body . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of log groups returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
every put log events request must include the obtained from the response of the previous request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
an upload in a newly created log stream does not require a . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
the log events in the batch must be in chronological ordered by their . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
if there are more metric filters to list , the response would contain a value in the response body . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of metric filters returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can provide an optional time range to filter the results on the event . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can use any of these tokens in subsequent requests to paginate through events in either forward or backward direction . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of log events returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
metric filters allow you to configure rules to extract metric data from log events ingested through requests . - - - marshall the given parameter object . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
if there are more subscription filters to list , the response would contain a value in the response body . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of subscription filters returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
if there are more destinations to list , the response would contain a value in the response body . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
you can also limit the number of destinations returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
subscription filters allow you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events ingested through requests and have them delivered to a specific destination . - - - marshall the given parameter object . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
sets the value of the arn property for this object . - - - the amazon resource name ( arn ) for the domain .
returns the value of the arn property for this object .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc . - - - the time when the bundle was created .
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results . - - - a pagination token . if multiple pages of results are returned , use the next token value returned with the current page of results to get the next page of results .
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results .
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results . - - - a pagination token . if multiple pages of results are returned , use the next token value returned with the current page of results to get the next page of results .
currently , the supported destinations are : a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery .
currently , the supported destinations are : a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery . - - - the arn of the cloud watch logs log group that receives the access logs .
return whether conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
derives the model attribute name for a method parameter based on : - - - check whether the given string contains actual text . more specifically , this method returns true if the string is not null , its length is greater than 0 , and it contains at least one non - whitespace character .
the parameter @ model attribute annotation value - - - check whether the given string contains actual text . more specifically , this method returns true if the string is not null , its length is greater than 0 , and it contains at least one non - whitespace character .
returns true if the text view is in editing title or description , false otherwise .
change current activated column .
shows multiple items on activate column if picker has focus .
show multiple items on all column if picker has no focus ( e . g .
returns number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s not expanded , it ' s 1 by default .
change number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s not expanded , it ' s 1 by default .
returns number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s expanded , it ' s 3 by default .
change number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s expanded .
sets maximum value ( inclusive ) of the column .
sets minimal value ( inclusive ) of the column .
get total items count between min value ( inclusive ) and max value ( inclusive ) .
return string format to display label for value , e . g .
" % 02d " .
set string format to display label for value , e . g .
" % 02d " .
returns an immutable view of the list of parameters of this action . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map are reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while an iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results of the iteration are undefined . the collection supports element removal , which removes the corresponding mapping from the map , via the iterator . remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support the add or add all operations .
return an empty list if the action doesn ' t take any runtime parameters . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map are reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while an iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results of the iteration are undefined . the collection supports element removal , which removes the corresponding mapping from the map , via the iterator . remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support the add or add all operations .
the number of references of the db in the pool is reduced by 1 . - - - test method .
returns the balance of an account within the specified range while taking sub - accounts into consideration - - - creates a new money instance with 0 amount and the currency code
check that the given auth info is present and valid for a resource being transferred .
check that the given auth info is valid for the given resource . - - - returns all referenced contacts from this domain . returns the filename . check that the given auth info is valid for the given contact .
writes a new state to zookeeper and records the engine that task is running on .
paths updated : + / tasks / id / state + / engine / tasks / id
- dmockserver . port = - override the default port - dmockserver . log level = - override the default logging level
consumes the unescaped content of an sei nal unit , writing the content of any cea - 608 messages as samples to the provided output . - - - sets the read and peek positions . called to write sample data to the output . called to write sample data to the output . called when metadata associated with a sample has been extracted from the stream . the corresponding sample data will have already been passed to the output via calls to # sample data ( data reader , int , boolean ) or # sample data ( parsable byte array , int ) . called when metadata associated with a sample has been extracted from the stream . the corresponding sample data will have already been passed to the output via calls to # sample data ( data reader , int , boolean ) or # sample data ( parsable byte array , int ) .
runs the viterbi algorithm on the sequence model in order to find the best sequence .
no hamproperties object .
creates a new object without any constructor being called . - - - creates a new joption for the given @ param name or fail with an illegal argument exception if a joption for the given @ param name exists .
register a udaf function which can be used in group - by expression .
the alignment is definitely added iff it ' s mate was added . - - - return a string representing the chromosome / contig / sequence . we use the accession if it is defined , otherwise the first word in the locus field .
if we haven ' t seen the mate , the record is added with some probability according to reservoir sampling - - - return a string representing the chromosome / contig / sequence . we use the accession if it is defined , otherwise the first word in the locus field .
determine the implicit receiver of a select expression that accesses the given symbol by simple name in the given resolution context .
serialize current pings to an array
retrieves the cache entry for the layer with digest layer digest .
retrieves the cache entry that was built from the layer entries .
retrieves the cache entry for the layer with digest layer digest . - - - creates a builder for a history entry . creates a builder for a history entry . constructs an image reference from the image reference components , consisting of an optional registry , a repository , an optional tag , and an optional digest . if neither the tag nor digest are specified , tag will take on the default value of latest . constructs an image reference from the image reference components , consisting of an optional registry , a repository , an optional tag , and an optional digest . if neither the tag nor digest are specified , tag will take on the default value of latest .
verifies that cache entry corresponds to the first fake layer in # set up .
verifies that cache entry corresponds to the second fake layer in # set up .
the current limit of the buffer that has been used by accumulate operations .
the mutable direct buffer that encapsulates the internal buffer .
returns the mount point the given path is nested under . - - - tests the temp block meta # get path ( ) method .
the property name must be of the form : [ form - name ] . [ component - name ] . [ validator - class ] .
check to see whether the two compressed bitmaps contain the same data . - - - simple algorithm that computes the xor aggregate .
check to see whether the two compressed bitmaps contain the same data . - - - simple algorithm that computes the xor aggregate .
tests that a cli call with a custom savepoint directory target is forwarded correctly to the jm . - - - apply the ability to the given dynamic table source . triggers a savepoint with the given savepoint directory as a target , returning a future that completes when the operation is started .
creates a new core based on a core descriptor , publishing the core state to the cluster
returns an id with the market data vendor market data vendor # no _ rule .
gets indices of columns , keyed by the measure displayed in the column .
gets market data vendor system that is the source of observable market data , for example bloomberg or reuters .
the meta - property for the market data vendor property .
tests that failures are built for ids with no market data vendor and the delegate builder is used for all others . - - - returns a new trade report . returns a new trade report . returns a new trade report . returns a new trade report .
tests the correct market data vendor is set when converting observable keys to ids - - - returns a new trade report . create an assert instance for the supplied result . create an assert instance for the supplied result .
tests mapping of observable keys to ids when no market data vendor is specified - - - create an assert instance for the supplied result . create an assert instance for the supplied result .
gets the market data vendor from which the market data should be retrieved .
the field name containing the data is field name # market _ value and the market data vendor is market data vendor # none .
returns an iterator over a snapshot copy of this group ' s collected events .
returns a snapshot of collected events in this group .
polls the messages for at most timeout time units and return a copy of what we have so far .
get a list of assignments in the gradebook in the specified site
scans the web application ' s subdirectory identified by root path , along with its subdirectories , for tlds . - - - log an error with trace log level . log an error with trace log level . returns the next available file item stream .
the / web - inf / classes and / web - inf / lib subdirectories are excluded from the search , as per the jsp version spec . - - - log an error with trace log level . log an error with trace log level . returns the next available file item stream .
returns an immutable map of the macros that must be provided by the environment running this model
returns an immutable map of macros that are part of this model .
note that the macros themselves are not copies and not immutable - they must be copied before modification .
check that the deprecated name " edge ngram " does not issues a deprecation warning for indices created before version - - - stores the specified watch record . if the specified watch record already was stored this call will fail with a version conflict . format the message with the supplied arguments
check that the deprecated name " n gram " does not issues a deprecation warning for indices created before version - - - stores the specified watch record . if the specified watch record already was stored this call will fail with a version conflict . format the message with the supplied arguments
translate targetfeatures _ en to htscontext _ en - - - getter for tier name ; should not be null
create a simple unindexed property value node with a null ( meaningless ) path
tests that older checkpoints are cleaned up at startup . - - - returns the children of this data type , if any . returns an empty list if this data type is atomic . puts the current thread to sleep for the specified number of millis . simply delegates to thread # sleep .
sets the phi factor .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
returns a function that checks that a particular druid query is generated to implement a query . - - - replaces every occurrence of find in s with replace . replaces every occurrence of find in s with replace .
init .
the output value is the nodeid of the responsible node followed by serialized value returned by make value ( ) . - - - write an int to the byte array starting at the given offset write an int to the byte array starting at the given offset write an int to the byte array starting at the given offset
the most basic frame type
this method is supposed to be invoked from abstract project # do build ( stapler request , stapler response , time duration ) . - - - returns the duration of this instance in milliseconds . alias for # get item ( string ) . this is the one used in the url binding .
gets the interim results .
set the interim results .
returned only for the best alternative and only with results marked as final .
returned only for the best alternative .
executes task in edt when the server is ready
make sure that the eureka listeners get setup as early as possible , and do other setup stuff .
this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation on the eureka module class
note that this assumes that within the folder ' input folder ' 12 p - instances are located with their original name , i . e .
p01 , p02 , . . . , p12 .
tk retry can retry when initial take fails with ioexception , till retry count is reached .
changes the field accessibility and returns true if accessibility was changed
get the properties for a given group defined in the store schema as being stored in the accumulo timestamp column .
this method takes a store and the name of an aggregator iterator to be removed . - - - gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store . gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store .
the store ' s configured gaffer . accumulostore . key . iterator setting factory factory will be used to create the new aggregator iterator in the removed one ' s place - - - gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store . gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store .
returns the upper deviations for each equation . - - - transforms a linear equation system describing linear dependencies derived on the normalized space into a linear equation system describing linear dependencies quantitatively adapted to the original space . copy a bitset . note : bits beyond mincap may be retained !
returns the lower deviations for each equation . - - - get the common dimensionality of the two objects . throw an illegal argument exception otherwise . get an iterator for the curve . note : this is not a java style iterator , since the only way to get positions is using " next " in java style . here , we can have two getters for current values ! instead , use this style of iteration : for ( xycurve . itr it = curve . iterator ( ) ; it . valid ( ) ; it . advance ( ) ) do something with ( it . get x ( ) , it . get y ( ) ) ; returns the next element of this enumeration if this enumeration object has at least one more element to provide . transforms a feature vector to the original attribute ranges . get a submatrix .
creates an all different constraint holding on the subset of vars that satisfies the given condition
constructor to create port pair id from uuid .
constructor to create port pair id from string .
returns a new configuration that is this configuration augmented with modules induced by the service - use relation .
service binding works by examining all modules in the configuration and its parent layers with module descriptor # uses ( ) service - dependences .
returns an immutable set of the read dependences of the given module descriptor .
each root module is located using the given before finder and if not found , using the given after finder .
build a criterion that uses a sub - select to match the given tag restrictions - - - get the scheduler with the given name or the default if none found .
this function is called to refresh all conductors in ue
it expects a string with multiple paths , seperated by the system dependent path separator - - - splits a char sequence ( with whitespace as delimiter ) . similar to tokenize , but returns an array of string instead of a list . splits a char sequence ( with whitespace as delimiter ) . similar to tokenize , but returns an array of string instead of a list . adds a file to the classpath if it exists . adds a file to the classpath if it exists .
this scheduler engine will interleave the execution of num threads instances of the state machine .
the last state of a state - machine is special , it shuts - down the thread .
note that alpha and beta are not actually correctly recovered in this pon via mle because the biases drawn from a mixture of gamma distributions ( as opposed to a single gamma distribution as assumed in the model ) .
this is received from the controller after a remove failed node request is made . - - - releases a unused port number . releases a unused port number . releases a unused port number .
utility class for showing synchronization errors - - - convenience method to read resources convenience method to read a string from the resources displays a dialog box with an ok button convenience method to read a string from the resources
converts a rating index from 1 to 10 into a localized string representation .
any other value will return the local variant of " n / a " .
at first stage the only table in ii is fact table , todo : to extend to all tables
generate multi point to single point intent with filtered connection point . - - - returns the set of connectivity constraints .
tests compilation of the intent which designates two different ports on the same switch . - - - obtains the application id . obtains the traffic selector . returns how the outbound packet should be treated . returns the filtered port on which the ingress traffic should be connected to the egress . return the filtered port on which the traffic should exit . to build a meter features using the openflow object provided by the southbound . compiles an intent recursively . compiles an intent recursively .
generate single point to multi point intent with filtered connection point . - - - returns the set of connectivity constraints .
adds out of memory handler to be used when an out of memory error is caught by hazelcast threads .
closes the given jar file . - - - frees the given bucket . notice that you have to do remove from ( ) for persistent buckets yourself . frees the given bucket . notice that you have to do remove from ( ) for persistent buckets yourself .
the snippet has failed , return with the rejected event
returns the first available upload service .
deep - copy clone given keyed object and replace its key by given key .
helper method for # get nodes ( com . addthis . hydra . data . tree . data tree node , string )
locate connector and it ' s tooltip for given element
fits a polygons the found contours around binary blobs .
called after the event manager has finished processing the event .
converts an expression to java source code , optionally omitting extra type information in generics . - - - appends an expression to a list of statements , optionally optimizing if the expression is used more than once .
and reads them into a tree map ( order preserving )
add an initialization parameter to the set of parameters associated with this filter . - - - put a named value in this context . sets the init parameter with the given name and value on this filter .
the last used bit .
sets the time offset .
returns the default launcher class name of a cms mount point object .
returns the default launcher id of a cms mount point object .
load synonyms from the solr format , " format = solr " .
sets the ' use library ' libraries as dependencies .
optional call to warm the codec cache .
retrieves an collection of adapter specification in a given namespace that use the given template .
retrieves the adapter specification specified by the name in a given namespace .
register the supplied extension point using the plain position # default default position .
if the extension is an extension point , it will be registered in this registry , unless an extension of the given type already exists in this registry . - - - register the supplied extension , without checking if an extension of that type has already been registered . semantics for source if an extension is registered declaratively via org . junit . jupiter . api . extension . extend with @ extend with , the source and the extension should be the same object . however , if an extension is registered programmatically via org . junit . jupiter . api . extension . register extension @ register extension , the source object should be the java . lang . reflect . field that is annotated with @ register extension . similarly , if an extension is registered programmatically as a lambda expression or method reference , the source object should be the underlying java . lang . reflect . method that implements the extension api .
some type 1 fonts have an invalid length1 , which causes the binary segment of the font to be truncated , see pdfbox - 2350 .
creates a message consumer resources with a shared session for non - transacted in only consumers .
opens the session . - - - returns the build version number . returns the build version number . registers a state change listener on the session manager . registers a state change listener on the session manager . completes writing the snapshot to persist it and make it available for reads . snapshot writers must call this method to persist a snapshot to disk . prior to completing a snapshot , failure and recovery of the parent snapshot store will not result in recovery of this snapshot . additionally , no # open reader ( ) readers can be created until the snapshot has been completed . schedules a runnable at a fixed rate .
does two simplifications to const / let / var nodes . - - - gets the jsdoc for this slot . sets the jsdoc info attached to this node . sets the jsdoc info attached to this node . sets the jsdoc info attached to this node .
visits a disjunctive type element by calling visit unknown .
this implementation visits a disjunctive type by calling default action .
returns the port that the embedded servlet container should listen on .
returns the key ' s type element for a map given the annotation mirror of the key . .
gets the virtual machine extensions object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine extension images object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine sizes object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machines object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine images object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale set vms object to access its operations .
gets the usage object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale sets object to access its operations .
gets the availability sets object to access its operations .
gets the management locks object to access its operations .
gets the features object to access its operations .
gets the tags object to access its operations .
gets the resources object to access its operations .
gets the resource groups object to access its operations .
gets the providers object to access its operations .
gets the deployment operations object to access its operations .
gets the provider operations metadata object to access its operations .
gets the deployments object to access its operations .
gets the resource provider operation details object to access its operations .
gets the subscriptions object to access its operations .
gets the tenants object to access its operations .
gets the storage accounts object to access its operations .
retrieve an entry from the configuration using an application name as an index .
refresh and reload the configuration by re - reading all of the login configurations .
for adding cc compilation contexts that affect compilation , e . g : from dependencies . - - - add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list .
adds a path to the list of recent files . - - - notifies the threshold adjuster that the image has changed . if the image has no threshold , it does not autothreshold the image .
loads an extended property file and performs escaping / unescaping of " , " and " = " entries . - - - returns the value in the given xpath of the given xml file . puts the value into the map . puts the value into the map .
gets the cache for current cache id . - - - each benchmark must determine which cache will be used . gets grid for given test .
the default access type for the beans in this package .
see the connection state # lost doc for details .
get information about plugins ( jvm and site plugins ) .
returns true if e1 and e2 have equal stack traces and their causes are recursively equal ( by the same definition ) .
retrieves the base32 - encoded totp key associated with user having the given user context . - - - returns the user whose access rights control the operations of this user context .
if no totp key is associated with the user , null is returned . - - - returns the user whose access rights control the operations of this user context .
submits an operation to the raft cluster .
navigates to first clause in # clauses .
stops timer and sets elapsed time . - - - toggles timer and updates elapsed time .
reference to the rest response handler that can be used to return responses to the client .
at this point the required rest request handler and rest response handler are obtained and the same instances are used throughout the lifetime of the channel .
invokes the service method .
sets the specified optional conditions .
sets the specified mandatory not conditions .
sets the specified mandatory conditions .
returns the lucene query represented by this using the specified schema .
returns the names of the involved fields .
sets the specified sorting .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as query .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as filter .
set new data source to be used by webcam .
parses the http response headers to create a new account metadata object . - - - returns a builder , but requires the user to specify any parameters required when creating a resource . in this case , both parameters are required . returns a builder , but requires the user to specify any parameters required when creating a resource . in this case , both parameters are required .
returns next pre values .
indexes the specified token and pre value .
indexes the specified token and pre value . - - - compares two tokens lexicographically . compares two tokens lexicographically . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
if the token has already been indexed , its pre value is added to the existing value array . - - - compares two tokens lexicographically . compares two tokens lexicographically . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
compresses and writes an integer value to the specified array and returns the array . - - - test method . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
resizes the specified array by 12 , 5 % . - - - copies the specified array . copies the specified array .
writes the specified length in the first bytes of the specified array .
compresses and writes an integer value to the specified byte array . - - - test method . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
creates an array with the specified number . - - - test method . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
creates a new number array , in which the first four bytes contain the array size . - - - test method . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
reads and decompresses an integer value from the specified byte array .
starts the application with the specified bean class .
filter must have the same size , hash function count and n tweak or an exception will be thrown .
gets a navigation entry for a section ( folder ) .
api to access an web preference as a int number there can be one preference object per language this function will find the right preference object associated to the current active language if no preference is found it will look for the xwiki preference
returns an empty mutable builder for building a new instance of market environment .
adds and loads glyphs for an osu file ' s unicode title and artist strings . - - - queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded .
create the mocks and find the fields annotated with inject mocks
the length of the original array that was sorted - - - returns the number of vectors stored in the collection
return the key corresponding to the inclusive lower bound for the iaccess path . - - - the metadata for the managed scale - out index . among other things , this gets used to determine how we serialize keys and values for ikey array index procedures when we serialize a procedure to be sent to a remote idata service .
given date , convert this instance to a regular expression - - - perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent .
given date , convert this instance to a regular expression - - - perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass and checking if the event triggers an e - mail to be sent .
creates a simple exo player instance .
indicate if data field can be ignored
computes the k - nearest neighbors of a given object in a given database . - - - inserts the specified reel vector object into this index .
the following field names are reserved and will be filtered out if present after normalization : ` id ` , ` score ` , ` highlight ` , and any field with the prefix of : ` _ ` , ` + ` , or ` - ` fields with empty name values after normalization are filtered out before indexing . - - - gets the query . a query search returns all documents in your data set with full enrichments and full text , but with the most relevant documents listed first . use a query search when you want to find the most relevant search results .
if this parameter not specified then all top level field are included .
attempts to extract the name of the parent stream segment for the given batch stream segment .
this method returns a valid value only if the batch stream segment name was generated using the generate batch stream segment name method .
attempts to map a batch stream segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) . - - - returns a new async iterator that wraps this instance and converts all items from this one into items of a new type using an async call . returns a new async iterator that wraps this instance and converts all items from this one into items of a new type using an async call .
attempts to map a batch stream segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) .
the segment aggregator contains a stream segment seal operation or merge batch operation ( has seal pending = = true )
executes a merger of a batch stream segment into this one .
this stream segment is stand - alone ( not a batch ) .
the next outstanding operation is a merge batch operation for a batch stream segment of this stream segment .
the entire contents of the given batch stream segment will be concatenated to this stream segment as one unit .
the given batch segment will cease to exist .
tests that batches are mapped to the same container as their parents . - - - asserts that segment metadata and its associated list of chunk metadata matches expected values .
given a list of log operations , calculates the final lengths of the stream segments that are encountered , by inspecting every stream segment append operation and merge batch operation . - - - removes one or more table keys from the given table segment . removes one or more table keys from the given table segment .
updates the given container metadata to have a number of batches mapped to the given stream segment ids . - - - inserts new or updates existing table entries ( conditioned on the segment ' s length matching an expected value ) into the given segment . inserts new or updates existing table entries ( conditioned on the segment ' s length matching an expected value ) into the given segment . sets the current storage length for this stream segment .
a set of stream segment seal and merge batch operations ( based on the batch ids and merge batches arg ) .
tests the accept method with merge batch operations .
tests the merging of batches into their parent stream segments .
parses and returns a name .
creates a new state machine for the given state model .
blocks until the condition is opened or until timeout milliseconds have passed . - - - returns the current time in milliseconds since the unix epoch . returns the current time in milliseconds since the unix epoch .
replaces the icon of a pushbutton with an image . - - - sets the icon as an image . removes the field value . adds an annotation of form field in a specific page . this page number can be overridden with pdf annotation # set place in page ( int ) . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . store a custom context for the given key . store a custom context for the given key .
resets the field value .
this won ' t have any effect , unless you use set field ( " f " ) ; after changing the property .
get the current audio info for this session . - - - get the current playback info for this session .
media session compat # volume _ type _ local media session compat # volume _ type _ remote
overridden to handle the encoding of the term id for the index .
factory for term ids .
factory for term ids . - - - create a fully formed key for the terms index from the vte , the hash code of the bigdata value , and the hash collision counter .
factory for term ids .
factory for mock magic tuples based on mock term ids .
random term id .
build a mapping between number and its index . - - - insert an entry to the trie insert an entry to the trie
lists virtual - machine - sizes available in a location for a subscription .
lists virtual - machine - sizes available to be used for a virtual machine .
creates new criteria entry for location bbox bounding box
this will not find inner types , however
sets a new text cursor position .
returns the measure displayed in the column for the target . - - - gets the measure to be calculated . gets the measure to be calculated .
macro for payloadtermquery
adds an element was added to the document .
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various layers and output layer
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various layers ( w , hbias not vbias ) and output layer - - - reshape the input variable to the specified ( fixed ) shape . the output variable will have the same values as the input , but with the specified shape . note that prod ( shape ) must match length ( input ) = = prod ( input . shape ) reshape the input variable to the specified ( fixed ) shape . the output variable will have the same values as the input , but with the specified shape . note that prod ( shape ) must match length ( input ) = = prod ( input . shape )
this involves computing the activations , tracking the last layers weights to revert to in case of convergence , the learning rate being used to iterate and the current epoch - - - in place ( element wise ) addition of two ndarrays in place ( element wise ) addition of two ndarrays
base class for initializing the layers based on the input . - - - info public void info ( string oinfo ) this method is input for informations . informations are showed in console and saved in file . info public void info ( string oinfo ) this method is input for informations . informations are showed in console and saved in file .
method to freeze a bvalue , to disallow further modification .
the same partition key must be used while sending these events using event hub client # send ( iterable ) .
perform this chain of actions on the driver . - - - performs a chain of touch actions , which together can be considered an entire gesture . see the webriver 3 spec https : / / dvcs . w3 . org / hg / webdriver / raw - file / default / webdriver - spec . html it ' s more convenient to call the perform ( ) method of the touch action object itself . all the existing touch action parameters will be wiped out after this method is called . performs a chain of touch actions , which together can be considered an entire gesture . see the webriver 3 spec https : / / dvcs . w3 . org / hg / webdriver / raw - file / default / webdriver - spec . html it ' s more convenient to call the perform ( ) method of the touch action object itself . all the existing touch action parameters will be wiped out after this method is called .
tell whether this plugin can be uploaded to its update site note : this does not check whether the plugin is locally modified .
get the name of the content author of the currently rendered content . - - - note that this method cannot be removed for now since it ' s used by hibernate for saving a xwiki document . lookup a xwiki component by role ( uses the default hint ) . lookup a xwiki component by role ( uses the default hint ) .
gets the mutable bounded value for the amount of " ticks " remaining before the " expiration " occurs .
returns the unique key of this configuration subject class .
get specific network configuration for a subject .
upload specific network configuration for a subject . - - - applies configuration for the specified subject and configuration class using the raw json object . if configuration already exists , it will be updated . applies configuration for the specified subject and configuration class using the raw json object . if configuration already exists , it will be updated .
upload mutliple network configurations for a subject .
get all network configuration for a subject .
clear specific network configuration for a subject . - - - clears the complete configuration including queued . if does not exists this call has no effect . clears the complete configuration including queued . if does not exists this call has no effect .
clear all network configurations for a subject . - - - returns the subject factory for the specified class . returns the subject factory for the specified class .
invokes command callback # on success ( command message , object ) with given result on the wrapped callback .
returns the serialized result for which this message is a reply .
returns the result type of the serialized result for which this message is a reply .
returns the result revision of the serialized result for which this message is a reply .
if both a regular expression and a path pattern are specified the path pattern is used and the regular expression is ignored .
constructs an aspect . - - - returns a callback to be used in this build for reporting analysis errors . assembles the full command line as a list . assembles the full command line as a list . returns a new runfiles instance . the returned object is either : manifest - based , meaning it looks up runfile paths from a manifest file , or directory - based , meaning it looks up runfile paths under a given directory path if env contains " runfiles _ manifest _ only " with value " 1 " , this method returns a manifest - based implementation . the manifest ' s path is defined by the " runfiles _ manifest _ file " key ' s value in env . otherwise this method returns a directory - based implementation . the directory ' s path is defined by the value in env under the " runfiles _ dir " key , or if absent , then under the " java _ runfiles " key . note about performance : the manifest - based implementation eagerly reads and caches the whole manifest file upon instantiation . returns parameters for evaluation of the aspect .
in the example in the introduction , the type is list not array list .
fill all # cache _ names . - - - return the name of this custom tag . creates a range list containing numbers in given range . creates a range list containing numbers in given range .
create cache configuration by name . - - - sets client data affinity for this configuration . affinity allows to contact exactly the node where the data is and therefore avoiding extra network hops . use grid client partition affinity as default affinity communication to work with remote partitioned caches . sets client data affinity for this configuration . affinity allows to contact exactly the node where the data is and therefore avoiding extra network hops . use grid client partition affinity as default affinity communication to work with remote partitioned caches . sets number of nodes used to back up single partition for cache mode # partitioned cache . if not set , default value is # dflt _ backups . sets number of nodes used to back up single partition for cache mode # partitioned cache . if not set , default value is # dflt _ backups .
the entire area of the given extent should be populated .
test of autoconf analyzer # supports extension . - - - checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported .
increments the sender ' s high _ seqno by 1 .
convert an ndarray to a matrix .
returns the given value in nanocoins as a version type string down to 100 mikes
adapted from file upload base . get file name ( ) - - - sets the flag if parameter names are to be converted to lower case when name / value pairs are parsed . parses any json - parseable object , returning the value .
called when an item of the quality selector is selected
test whether the parser reads minimal sequences .
the sequence prototype was generated by writing in embl format a sequence initially read from a fasta file ( " > lcl | test . 0 | no sequence " ) .
read an uniprot file , return a rich sequence
get amount type .
set amount type . - - - set value if updteable and correct class . ( and to null if not mandatory ) set value if updteable and correct class . ( and to null if not mandatory )
generate code that loads this node to the stack .
pop a type from the existing stack , ensuring that it is numeric , assert if not
get the property
register a property assigned to the this object in this function .
get the identifier representing the label name
checks whether a given label is a jump destination that lies outside a given split node
gets snapshots from repository
restores new snapshot
adds an int to the bottom of the context list
adds an int at the top of the context list
adds a context line to the bottom of the context list
adds a context line at the top of the context list
appends a " . html " suffix to the given resource name if no suffix is present and the append suffix option is checked .
returns document counts for each topic . - - - returns the number of elements currently stored in the priority queue .
returns documents grouped by topics .
the directory structure of seafile on external storage is like this :
min bit rate if no value was set , return - 1
find and return an appropriate attribute parser for a set of parameters , or return null .
insert / delete operations on a trie structure leaves unnecessary nodes , this method scans the cache and removes them .
create a new sslsocket factory based on the provided settings .
close the closeable objects and ignore any ioexception or null pointers .
selects methods that are not constructors .
see # emit and aggregate changes ( comparator , long , time unit , scheduler ) .
this is a variant of collapse operator ( see # collapse ( comparator ) ) , that accepts nested lists of change notifications .
it is equivalent to joining sub lists into single list and applying # collapse ( comparator ) transformation , but by combining both steps it is more efficient .
factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml page instance from a filename in the vfs , using the request attributes as cache . - - - returns the open cms request context the current user this bean was initialized with . usage example on a jsp with the el : the current uri is : $ cms : vfs ( page context ) . request context . uri factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml page instance from a string that contains xml data . when unmarshalling , the encoding is read directly from the xml header . the given encoding is used only when marshalling the xml again later . factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml page instance from a string that contains xml data . when unmarshalling , the encoding is read directly from the xml header . the given encoding is used only when marshalling the xml again later . replaces a attibute ' s value in the given node addressed by the x path . replaces a attibute ' s value in the given node addressed by the x path .
depending on the case it might be one of the two provided objects or their merge result .
returns right resizable element id .
returns left resizable element id .
returns the first sprite found with the specified name .
this method uses string comparison to find the sprite , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method every frame .
returns all sprites found with the specified name , ordered by smallest to largest atlas region # get index ( ) index .
this method uses string comparison to find the sprite , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method every frame .
returns the region ' s height in pixels .
returns the region ' s width in pixels .
assign text characteristics to a ( collection of ) textual glyphs
manually assign a shape to a glyph - - - reports the parts of this system . convenient way to build a collection of shapes . add a shape interpretation based on a provided glyph .
returns a list of meta information about all runs of the given type .
create a new dependency from an image stream . - - - reads a specific integer byte value ( 4 bytes ) from the input byte buffer at the given offset . gets the string value for the given key . gets the string value for the given key . gets the string value for the given key .
stores the source configuration object to the target
starts both a master and a worker using the default test configurations . - - - explicitly starts the local alluxio cluster . adds a property to the cluster resource . unset a property by passing a null value . sets up corresponding directories for tests . starts the specified master . starts the specified worker .
applies a route for an interceptor if an exchange is routed to the given endpoint
creates and adds an interceptor that is triggered when an exchange is routed to the given endpoint
factory returning the singleton instance .
set rohertragspreis . - - - set value set value
get rohertragspreis .
sets the correct input type . - - - test method .
if neither the adaptor or one of its delegates is an instance of the specified type , null is returned .
the method validates connections between inputs and outputs of modules participated in rule .
inserts an item into the list box . - - - inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction and an initial value for the item . if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length of the list , then the item will be appended to the end of the list . inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction and an initial value for the item . if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length of the list , then the item will be appended to the end of the list .
inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction . - - - inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction and an initial value for the item . if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length of the list , then the item will be appended to the end of the list . inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction and an initial value for the item . if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length of the list , then the item will be appended to the end of the list .
generates a list of grade records .
for assignment grade records , the number of points earned is equal to the index of the grade record in the list .
returns the mean score for students with entered grades .
returns true if field worker file id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
creates a try expression representing a try block with any number of catch statements and a finally block .
creates a unary expression that represents a throwing of an exception .
upcalled from native when tracing to get fd of the # trace file stream .
creates an json path configuration that uses the specified object mapper as default .
returns the log name .
sets the log name , returning the configuration for method chaining . - - - sets the serializer name .
sets the log name .
initializes the log .
add the selected features to a full text example set
sets the output directory for the report .
get access to the root cause of the exception
get a list of granted authorities based on the current user ' s j2 ee roles .
searches separately for types and values , since these are in different namespaces .
wrap arguments in double quotes if they contain any of : space ? , ; ^ & | " or % followed by a letter .
hudson does not seem to require this extra escaping so it is not added by this method .
a % followed by a letter has that letter wrapped in double quotes , to avoid possible variable expansion .
it consults registered commands and looks for the default command annotation .
gets a list of types depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter f . - - - look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter . look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter .
this does not mean that the traverser is " dead , " only that it has successfully passed through the traversal .
are we showing all posts with a specific tag , or all posts in a specific blog ?
gets the generator given a mapping definition .
sets tags ( key and value pairs ) to the assessment specified by the assessment arn . - - - invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action .
brute - force refresh of session credentials . - - - returns a set action object used for building update expression . if the attribute referred to by this path operand doesn ' t exist , the returned object represents adding the value of evaluating the specified if not exists function as an attribute to an item . if the attribute referred to by this path operand already exists , the returned object represents the value replacement of the current attribute by the value of evaluating the specified if not exists function .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element o downwards .
and reads them into a tree map ( order preserving )
returns true if field std out is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns true if field log dir zip contents is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
prepend a statement to the statement list
flag this node as resolved , i . e .
a better " is block indirectly getting powered ( ) " that doesn ' t load chunks .
we need to handle all the cases and parse the function name into a method model .
returns the current audio format used by this microphone .
creates an alcontext , using the specified device and attributes . - - - sets the specified alcapabilities for the current process - wide open al context . if the current thread had a context current ( see # set current thread ) , those alcapabilities are cleared . any open al functions called in the current thread , or any threads that have no context current , will use the specified alcapabilities . makes a context current with respect to open al operation . the context parameter can be null or a valid context pointer . using null results in no context being current , which is useful when shutting open al down . the operation will apply to the device that the context was created for . for each os process ( usually this means for each application ) , only one context can be current at any given time . all al commands apply to the current context . commands that affect objects shared among contexts ( e . g . buffers ) have side effects on other contexts . destroys a context . the correct way to destroy a context is to first release it using alc make current with a null context . applications should not attempt to destroy a current context C doing so will not work and will result in an alc _ invalid _ operation error . all sources within a context will automatically be deleted during context destruction .
creates a device . - - - returns the function provider for the vulkan shared library . custom buffer version of # mem free .
the java 8 / 9 spliterator for array list . sublist ( ) is currently not late - binding ( url ) .
we ' d get test failures because of this when we run on java 8 / 9 with spliterator delegation enabled .
takes the raw bytes from the digest and formats them correct .
creates a widget according to its uidl .
resolves uidl tag name to class .
overridden to finalize ; always returns # get display location ( ) .
a hook that customizes create price .
returns the modifiable list of parameters .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
sets the dropdown panels ' s width .
if it ' s not set explicitly then it will be calculated depending on the children width .
returns an field mapper which has the given index name .
correctly resolves nested paths such as " / products / view . html " as well . - - - return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate .
provide an async web request to use to start and to dispatch request . - - - assert that an object is not null . assert that an object is not null .
stops the local service ' s subprocess and any possible thread listening for its output .
sets whether the notification should be ongoing . - - - returns the current state playback state of the player . whether playback will proceed when # get playback state ( ) = = # state _ ready . forces an update of the notification if already started .
find the best package installer for the given remote package .
open inverse : open _ inverse sexpr close ;
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it compares only the instant of the date - time . - - - is this year - month before the specified year - month .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it compares the only the instant of the date - time . - - - is this year - month after the specified year - month .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to and # equals in that it compares only the instant of the date - time .
decodes page parameters object from the provided url fragment
encodes page parameters into a url fragment and append that to the provided url buffer .
get enumeration of header _ names .
returns if a directory is empty , or contains nothing besides a subdirectory named plugins
sets a listener to receive video events . - - - clears the buffer .
sets an output to receive text events . - - - clears the buffer .
checks for the next item .
executes the specified command . - - - test method . sends a message to a specific clients .
this must be called from the transport thread , since the listener is called back directly .
this method is used for merging and uses atomic index reader # doc values ( string ) by default .
this method is sugar for getting an atomic index reader from an index reader of any kind .
filters a nested set of resource containers that contain dependencies of the current rule . - - - returns the order used by this builder . this is useful for testing for incompatibilities ( via order # is compatible ) without catching an unchecked exception from # add transitive . assembles the full command line as a list .
returns whether or not the same security context factory will be used each time # get context ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get context ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
that is determined by the factory implementation .
sets whether or not the same security context factory will be used each time # get context ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get context ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
if there is a problem starting a service , the program terminates with an exit code of 1 .
the following options are supported :
the following options are supported :
redirects the input and output .
by default , system . in , out and err are used .
redirects the input and output .
by default , system . in , out and err are used .
serialize blob properties to buffer in the # current _ version - - - put an element into the queue . put an element into the queue .
returns the local port of the first connector found for the jetty server .
generate individual predicates that form the overall where clause . - - - joins the given keys with the separator .
generate one aggregation string for the given column . - - - returns the current size of the map , zero if the map is empty .
gets the instance of feedback messages model to use .
enables / disables the ok button in the specified panel . - - - enables / disables a button in the specified panel . enables / disables a button in the specified panel . returns the output text .
we do not infinitely loop on bad inputs if there is no such key , it moves to the key that would naturally proceed it ( i . e .
issue ref : ranges mapping
issue ref : ranges mapping
issue ref : ranges mapping
issue ref : ranges mapping
rewrites itself to either const scalar updater , or to the more generic non scalar updater .
set the path to the tesseract executable , needed if it is not on system path . - - - normalizes the profile ( calculates the ngrams frequencies )
set the path to the image magick executable , needed if it is not on system path .
installs a method substitution . - - - tries to insert value on stack into the hashtable . returns false if there was already a matching entry in the hashtable or if an error occurred while insert the entry . returns true if the entry was inserted successfully . sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ; sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ;
installs a macro substitution . - - - sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ; sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ;
feeds the module through the available module postprocessors .
feeds the module through the available module preprocessors .
please note that calling this method does not cause the source # get code ( ) code of this source to be loaded .
notifies this delegating repository that the given dependent repository has invalidated resources of the given types ( empty means all ) - - - clears all bits ( sets to false ) . clears all bits ( sets to false ) .
stops the timer that manages the connecting animated icon . - - - stop notifications . selects the given configuration form if it exists in this container . loads an image from a given bytes array .
set delimiter the input file will be split on
the failure message .
returns a string containing the contents of this byte string in hex .
this will override previous value
sets the maximum number of connections to be used for the given host config . - - - stores the authentication state with the given authentication scope in the cache .
sets the default maximum number of connections allowed for a given host config .
gets the maximum number of connections to be used for a particular host config .
if the value has not been specified for the given host the default value will be returned .
same as # update state ( schedule status , closure ) , but uses a noop mutation .
same as # update state ( schedule status , closure , optional ) , but omits the audit message .
same as # update state ( schedule status , closure , optional ) , but uses a noop mutation .
we use a special tag name when storing search results in the reader post table
sanity checks code generation by performing it once , parsing the result , then generating code from the second parse tree to verify that it matches the code generated from the first parse tree .
this method constructs the application user interface by instantiating controls and hooking up event listeners . - - - adds a listener to receive window resize events . adds a resize event handler .
create a text box example that includes the text box and an optional listener that updates a label with the currently selected text . - - - adds a key up event handler . adds a listener interface to receive keyboard events . adds a listener to receive click events on the suggest box ' s text box . the source widget for these events will be the suggest box . adds a click event handler .
call all history listeners with the specified token .
get page with failover . - - - gets service processor .
run the assertion while ignite nodes keep failing / recovering 10 times . - - - remove one random node . remove one random node . restore one of the failed nodes . restore one of the failed nodes . awaits for partitiona map exchage . sets value . sets value . runs application master . reuse or gather new partition statistics according to context and repository state . save partition statistcs and obsolescence info back to repository if needed . sets value . sets value . sets value . check that the passed object is null .
obtain a runtime delegate instance using the method described in # get instance .
extract a field from an object and convert to something suitable to be stored in the database .
the returned http handler can be adapted to run in
set the colors used in the progress animation . - - - sets the color scheme colors of the progress drawable , which is equivalent to calling circular progress drawable # set color scheme colors ( int . . . ) method on background drawable of this layout .
set the color resources used in the progress animation from color resources . - - - sets the color scheme colors of the progress drawable , which is equivalent to calling circular progress drawable # set color scheme colors ( int . . . ) method on background drawable of this layout . returns the color of the drawable . returns the color of the drawable . sets the color scheme colors of the progress drawable , which is equivalent to calling circular progress drawable # set color scheme colors ( int . . . ) method on background drawable of this layout .
returns the sql statement which retrieves all the sakai sessions from the sakai _ session table based on a join column and criteria .
gets the first # cutoff artifacts ( relative to # get artifacts dir ( ) .
adds a course section ( a decorated group ) to a site . - - - set the external group id for the group provider for this authz group ( set to null to have none ) .
prints a formatted string to the log stream .
returns the node endpoint .
sets the node endpoint .
requests a bootstrap from the given endpoint . - - - sends a message synchronously and expects a response . sends a message synchronously and expects a response .
returns the test service for the given endpoint or null if none has been created .
returns the given handler for the given endpoint .
returns a new test messaging service for the given endpoint .
sets the messaging endpoint .
sets the rest service endpoint .
traverses the tree in a specific order .
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary .
ensures that the position attributes of the children of this node are correct .
sets the node tags .
adds a tag to the node .
returns the node tags .
returns the node tags .
sets the node tags .
currently seems to be requried because currently the client startup procedure needs to be decomposed more . - - - this method can optionally be called so that invocations of the # get ( class ) method are able to receive service implementations that are not coming right out of this class . if a service implementation was not yet cached within services and is required , then the external service implementation provider ( if one was set via this method ) will be invoked first and if it returns a non null result , that result will be cached .
returns the primitive type configuration .
sets the primitive type configuration .
optimizes for / let clauses . - - - test method . test method . test method .
returns the request methods of this request key .
if it was , throws an exception .
returns the server name .
sets the server name .
returns the server name .
returns the server name .
returns the domain name which received the call .
sets the domain name which received the call .
sets overridden icon for given component . - - - sets the icon part of the notification message . sets the icon part of the notification message . requests that the table should be repainted as soon as possible . note that a table does not necessarily repaint its contents when this method has been called . see # refresh row cache ( ) for forcing an update of the contents .
extended to write the configuration file in the service directory .
note : a canonical name entry is added .
note : the service token attribute is added .
factory method returns an object that may be used to start an new instance of the service for the specified path .
the name of the host on which the server is running ( best effort during startup and unchanging thereafter ) .
a configured name for the service - or - if no name was found in the configuration .
routes an incoming request by calling internals . accept request . - - - wraps and enqueues an unwrapped request in the requester ' s inbox .
normalizes the specified expression as normalized database path . - - - test method . normalizes a database path . converts backslashes and removes duplicate and leading slashes . returns null if the path contains invalid characters .
checks nodes for duplicate attributes and namespace conflicts .
initial aggressive value : objects have no definitions . - - - associates a value with a key .
for example , in the case of jdo object store , downcast to persistence capable and ' look inside ' its state .
appender skeleton , the only recognized options is - - - returns the integer representation of this level . resize the cyclic buffer to new size .
delete the given action item - - - delete the given task . instead of deleting from the database , we set the deleted flag . delete the given task . instead of deleting from the database , we set the deleted flag . sets the given property . make sure this model has this property ! called when a session updates its token . this is passed a bundle of values that should be stored durably for the purpose of being returned from a later call to load . some implementations may choose to store bundle beyond the scope of this call , so the caller should keep no references to the bundle to ensure that it is not modified later .
normalize and validate the given value according to the given io . crate . data type - - - format a binary value . this is used by terms aggregations to format keys for fields that use binary doc value representations such as the keyword and ip fields . returns snapshot name
sets the function to use to sanitize request and response headers before logging . - - - returns the bi function to use to sanitize request trailers before logging . returns the function to use to sanitize response trailers before logging .
if checking is in progress , return completion 0 - 100 , else return 100 .
assertion errors will be suppressed if the execution is not happening within the given timebox .
will try to find a value for the given key in the given cache or produce one using the given producer and store it in the cache . - - - return true if there is a password present , otherwise false . get the expired object set the value of a hash hash key .
delegates to the url path helper for decoding the context path .
returns true if call is call to and the to / from cast types are of multiset types - - - gets the static type of the expression that this expression represents . gets the static type of the expression that this expression represents .
for every " - processor " argument in args , replace its immediate successor argument using as checker framework processors
find the jar file or directory containing the . class file from which context was loaded - - - returns the canonical name of the annotation class of this . returns the canonical name of the annotation class of this .
resource = variable modifiers opt type variable declarator id = expression
returns the current minimal update frequency setting
services should call this between processing iterations to get current setting and use the setting to change notification and data refresh intervals
reactivate this choice point to generate new results . - - - run the scheduled generators until the given generator is ready to run .
adds file types useful for testing this class to the in - memory mapping of file type names to predefined file types . - - - reads the content of this node ( of the underlying content object ) .
similar to # get status ( long ) but throws an exception if no recovery is found
gets the recovery status for a given id .
called a bit later on during server initialization to finish loading mods
empty text field on resume
- w classname - - - utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the number of bins sets the number of bins utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
- b num - - - utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the number of bins sets the number of bins utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
( default 10 ) - - - utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the number of bins sets the number of bins utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
format task logs into a list of maps for jade to interpret easily .
rewinds the iterator to the beginning of the cached list .
supports mixed escaped delimiters and escaped escape characters
informs the truffle dsl that a primitive long value can be used in all specializations where a big integer is expected . - - - create a tri state from a boxed boolean explicitely checking for null and returning # undefined .
for example , we do not want big integer # equals in compiled code but behind a truffle boundary ) .
the big integer type of
this specialization is automatically selected by the truffle dsl if both the left and right operand are big integer values .
mark whether or not stream is uninteresting .
the peer recovery status if this shard recovered from a peer shard .
httl . properties : foreach . status = foreach
prunes the set of users in the model , by retaining only users that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , or , that have arrived recently . - - - given ids that are part of a new model , and whose values are going to be sent later , retain only ids that are also in the new model ( or have been recently seen - - possibly since last model was built ) , and remove the rest . removes all ids that are mapped to a feature vector from a given collection
prunes the set of items in the model , by retaining only items that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , or , that have arrived recently . - - - given ids that are part of a new model , and whose values are going to be sent later , retain only ids that are also in the new model ( or have been recently seen - - possibly since last model was built ) , and remove the rest . removes all ids that are mapped to a feature vector from a given collection
does any rule for the given language use the metrics framework ?
does any rule for the given language use the metrics framework ?
reset data stream after decryption , remove redundant bytes .
construct a lock .
this method will add a create event if the block is new ( is new block ) .
implements # remove block tree ( block ) , without firing events . - - - remove a block from the workspace . recursively unlinks models from the views , and disconnects the view tree including clearing the parent block group . recursively unlinks models from the views , and disconnects the view tree including clearing the parent block group . adds event to the list of pending events . if this is called outside of a call to # group and fire events , the event will be fired immediately , as its own group . add pending event ( ) must be called from the main thread / looper .
implements # rename variable ( string , string ) , without firing events . - - - adds event to the list of pending events . if this is called outside of a call to # group and fire events , the event will be fired immediately , as its own group . add pending event ( ) must be called from the main thread / looper . adds event to the list of pending events . if this is called outside of a call to # group and fire events , the event will be fired immediately , as its own group . add pending event ( ) must be called from the main thread / looper .
whether the task should directly publish data to the final publisher output dir . - - - get a job commit policy through its name specified in configuration property configuration keys # job _ commit _ policy _ key . get the current runtime state of the work unit .
bulk loads the mapping from term to term identifier for pre - sorted , non - duplicate , non - known terms into a new index segment written on out file .
decorate a given command .
adds a series of input artifacts .
neither the location nor the organization tags should be overridden , since neither
returns the ( cached ) subscription manager used by this servlet .
sets the subscription manager used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
returns the subscription manager or null for none .
returns the subscription manager used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
subclasses may override if specific behavior is required .
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
gets the instruction that produces the first input to this comparison .
gets the instruction that produces the second input to this comparison .
gets the instruction that produces the result for the return .
gets the instruction that provides the input value to this switch .
gets the instruction which produces the exception to throw .
test folder creation . - - - creates a new dir . creates a new dir . gets the block info of a block , if it exists . gets the block info of a block , if it exists .
test file and folder creation .
this reproduces the effect of new component type [ size ] .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied double .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - returns the unique instance of class that represents this object ' s class . note that get class ( ) is a special case in that it actually returns class where foo is the erasure of the type of the expression get class ( ) was called upon . as an example , the following code actually compiles , although one might think it shouldn ' t : list l = new array list ( ) ; class c = l . get class ( ) ;
this reproduces the effect of array . length
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied float .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command to a supplied short integer .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied long .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command to the supplied byte value .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied integer .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value .
returns a time zone suitable for id , or gmt on failure .
returns an editor for the entry named key , or null if it cannot currently be edited . - - - associates a value with a key . write a single character . write all pending output to the stream . if method start tag ( ) or attribute ( ) was called then start tag is closed ( final & gt ; ) before flush ( ) is called on underlying output stream . note : if there is need to close start tag ( so no more attribute ( ) calls are allowed ) but without flushing output call method text ( ) with empty string ( text ( " " ) ) .
a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the ip type .
normalizes a uri , ensuring the first character starts with a / .
returns the tab bar color .
create a test object without trigggering indexing . - - - closes this pojo mass identifier loader . remove the entity with the type entity type and the identifier id from the index . if id = = null all indexed entities of this type and its indexed subclasses are deleted . in this case this method behaves like # purge all ( class ) .
client get state or whatever to cancel itself : this does not do anything apart from set a flag !
get gg client . - - - sets protocol for secure transport . if not specified , # dflt _ ssl _ protocol will be used . sets list of server addresses where router ' s embedded client should connect . sets the marshaller to use for communication . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored .
obtains an instance of offset date from a date provider . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' .
get unsupported sql test cases .
if the string is undefined , returns the label itself .
convenience method for to xmp ( collection , output stream ) returning a string containing the xmp - metadata of the given collection of bibtex entries .
spaces in keys are replaced by underscores ( _ ) .
sizes ( virtual _ size and disk _ size ) are returned in bytes
paths ( image and backing _ file ) are the absolute path to the file
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter . - - - look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter . look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter .
this is called to place a collection of objects into the cache .
creates a new direct candidate generator
divide router limit by 2 for overhead . - - - coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits
returns the current uri . - - - appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the
does not wait for the new page to be loaded .
finds the row id number of a course based on course id
does not wait for the new page to be loaded .
finds the row id number of a specific evaluation based on the course id and evaluation name
return an avro representation of the bytes in this byte string . - - - append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection .
this prints the stack trace of the to the given
this prints the stack trace of the to the given
we don ' t want to ever auto - wire the connection factory from the spring app context .
returns a collection of legend items for the radar chart . - - - returns an iterator for the outlier lists . returns the year following this one . no matter what time zone and locale this instance was created with , the returned instance will use the default calendar for time calculations , obtained with regular time period # get calendar instance ( ) . sets a dataset for the plot and sends a change event to all registered listeners . returns an iterator for the outlier lists . sets a dataset for the plot and sends a change event to all registered listeners . sets the series key . sets the series index for this legend item .
normalization ensures that within any group of units with a common base , the smaller units will all have values between zero and that of the next larger unit . - - - returns a copy of this date - time with the specified field set to a new value . this returns a zoned date time , based on this one , with the value for the specified field changed . this can be used to change any supported field , such as the year , month or day - of - month . if it is not possible to set the value , because the field is not supported or for some other reason , an exception is thrown . in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date - time to become invalid , such as changing the month from 31st january to february would make the day - of - month invalid . in cases like this , the field is responsible for resolving the date . typically it will choose the previous valid date , which would be the last valid day of february in this example . if the field is a chrono field then the adjustment is implemented here . the instant _ seconds field will return a date - time with the specified instant . the zone and nano - of - second are unchanged . the result will have an offset derived from the new instant and original zone . if the new instant value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the offset _ seconds field will typically be ignored . the offset of a zoned date time is controlled primarily by the time - zone . as such , changing the offset does not generally make sense , because there is only one valid offset for the local date - time and zone . if the zoned date - time is in a daylight savings overlap , then the offset is used to switch between the two valid offsets . in all other cases , the offset is ignored . if the new offset value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the other # is supported ( temporal field ) supported fields will behave as per the matching method on local date time # with ( temporal field , long ) local date time . the zone is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged . when converting back to zoned date time , if the local date - time is in an overlap , then the offset will be retained if possible , otherwise the earlier offset will be used . if in a gap , the local date - time will be adjusted forward by the length of the gap . all other chrono field instances will throw an unsupported temporal type exception . if the field is not a chrono field , then the result of this method is obtained by invoking temporal field . adjust into ( temporal , long ) passing this as the argument . in this case , the field determines whether and how to adjust the instant . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified field set to a new value . this returns a zoned date time , based on this one , with the value for the specified field changed . this can be used to change any supported field , such as the year , month or day - of - month . if it is not possible to set the value , because the field is not supported or for some other reason , an exception is thrown . in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date - time to become invalid , such as changing the month from 31st january to february would make the day - of - month invalid . in cases like this , the field is responsible for resolving the date . typically it will choose the previous valid date , which would be the last valid day of february in this example . if the field is a chrono field then the adjustment is implemented here . the instant _ seconds field will return a date - time with the specified instant . the zone and nano - of - second are unchanged . the result will have an offset derived from the new instant and original zone . if the new instant value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the offset _ seconds field will typically be ignored . the offset of a zoned date time is controlled primarily by the time - zone . as such , changing the offset does not generally make sense , because there is only one valid offset for the local date - time and zone . if the zoned date - time is in a daylight savings overlap , then the offset is used to switch between the two valid offsets . in all other cases , the offset is ignored . if the new offset value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the other # is supported ( temporal field ) supported fields will behave as per the matching method on local date time # with ( temporal field , long ) local date time . the zone is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged . when converting back to zoned date time , if the local date - time is in an overlap , then the offset will be retained if possible , otherwise the earlier offset will be used . if in a gap , the local date - time will be adjusted forward by the length of the gap . all other chrono field instances will throw an unsupported temporal type exception . if the field is not a chrono field , then the result of this method is obtained by invoking temporal field . adjust into ( temporal , long ) passing this as the argument . in this case , the field determines whether and how to adjust the instant . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified period added . this method returns a new date - time based on this date - time with the specified period added . this can be used to add any period that is defined by a unit , for example to add years , months or days . the unit is responsible for the details of the calculation , including the resolution of any edge cases in the calculation . the calculation for date and time units differ . date units operate on the local time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of local ( local date time , zone id , zone offset ) with the offset before the addition . time units operate on the instant time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of instant ( local date time , zone offset , zone id ) with the offset before the addition . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified period added . this method returns a new date - time based on this date - time with the specified period added . this can be used to add any period that is defined by a unit , for example to add years , months or days . the unit is responsible for the details of the calculation , including the resolution of any edge cases in the calculation . the calculation for date and time units differ . date units operate on the local time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of local ( local date time , zone id , zone offset ) with the offset before the addition . time units operate on the instant time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of instant ( local date time , zone offset , zone id ) with the offset before the addition . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call .
gets the stored fields to load and return .
gets the stored fields to load and return as part of the search request .
evaluates the given rule and filters . - - - legacy 32 bit integer identity for a change . legacy 32 bit integer identity for a change . release resources stored in interpreter ' s hash manager .
is this a constant type whose value is false ?
is this a constant type whose value is true ?
retrieve the given annotation ' s attributes as an annotation attributes map structure . - - - invoke the method after resolving its argument values in the context of the given message . argument values are commonly resolved through handler method argument resolver handler method argument resolvers . the provided args parameter however may supply argument values to be used directly , i . e . without argument resolution . delegates to # get method argument values and calls # do invoke with the resolved arguments . the value is formatted as a string before being added .
force preload . - - - registers a callback to be invoked when the future completes . if the future is already completed , callback will be invoked immediately in the current thread . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non - null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored .
convenience method that sets page on wicket . response object .
renders wicket . response for request . - - - closes the resource . normally , this includes closing any underlying input stream returned by get input stream ( ) . closes the resource . normally , this includes closing any underlying input stream returned by get input stream ( ) .
convenience method that sets page on wicket . response object .
actual evaluation is delegated to # generate value ( virtual frame , rpromise , source section ) . - - - call when an unlikely branch is entered .
set error message if there is a problem . . . - - - returns the embedded server instance of a particular name getter for property server name . getter for property server name . if there is a cause , appends the get cause ( ) . get message ( ) to the original message .
requests to unban the specified user . - - - returns the rest client used to execute rest api requests . returns the rest client used to execute rest api requests .
requests to kick the specified user from this guild . - - - returns the rest client used to execute rest api requests . returns the rest client used to execute rest api requests .
requests to remove a role from this member .
requests to add a role to this member .
returns true if the class member m is visible from code in the class from . - - - returns the class which declares the current soot method . returns the class which declares the current soot method .
gets the number of all mosaics involved ( all levels ) .
returns the rightmost point or double . positive _ infinity in case of no intervals .
returns the leftmost point or double . negative _ infinity in case of no intervals .
used primarily for stream based messaging .
used primarily for stream based messaging .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a day of month object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - month field . this method returns the primitive int value for the day - of - month .
this can be used extract a day of year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - month field . this method returns the primitive int value for the day - of - month .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the hour of day directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the minute of hour directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a quarter of year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the second of minute directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a week - based - year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - week field , which is an enum day of week . this method returns the enum day of week for the day - of - week . this avoids confusion as to what int values mean . if you need access to the primitive int value then the enum provides the day of week # get value ( ) int value . additional information can be obtained from the day of week . this includes textual names of the values .
this can be used extract a week of week - based - year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - week field , which is an enum day of week . this method returns the enum day of week for the day - of - week . this avoids confusion as to what int values mean . if you need access to the primitive int value then the enum provides the day of week # get value ( ) int value . additional information can be obtained from the day of week . this includes textual names of the values .
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract a year object directly from any implementation of calendrical , including those in other calendar systems .
prints parameters with only one unique value .
registers a new noelios restlet engine .
specifies whether monitoring is enabled for the instance .
returns a lock which provides exclusive rights to changing this application , with a timeout that is suitable for deployments .
the default implementation will simply use reflection to create the correct object type .
subclasses can do whatever they want .
the method creates a new item with the given id into the container .
the method add new item after the given item .
the method add new item after the given item .
the method adds the item property .
the method removes the item identified by item id from the container .
the method adds the given item at the position of given index .
the method removes given item property return if the item property is removed if not .
the method removes a property specified by the given property id from the container .
validate the the given value .
guarantee at least enough content padding to account for the stroke width and support preventing corner overlap for shaped backgrounds .
the router code calls this every 20s . - - - the statistics component with which we can track various events over time . the statistics component with which we can track various events over time . the statistics component with which we can track various events over time . the statistics component with which we can track various events over time . the statistics component with which we can track various events over time . the statistics component with which we can track various events over time .
called after the member authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider ' s site . - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added , it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in this interface .
on authorization verification , connects the member ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider . - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added , it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in this interface .
fetches a new request token from the provider , temporarily stores it in the session , then redirects the member to the provider ' s site for authorization .
called after the member authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider ' s site . - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added , it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in this interface .
on authorization verification , connects the member ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added , it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in this interface .
the member has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider from this application .
the member has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider account from this application . - - - remove a single provider connection associated with a user account . the user has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider account from this application . note : requires hidden http method filter to be registered with the ' _ method ' request parameter set to ' delete ' to convert web browser posts to delete requests .
generates a message with a trailing gerrit change id in the form : - - - a description of the migrated changes to include in the destination ' s change description . the destination may add more boilerplate text or metadata . a description of the migrated changes to include in the destination ' s change description . the destination may add more boilerplate text or metadata .
performs the actual liquibase task on the database using the fully configured liquibase . migrator . migrator . - - - drops all database objects in the passed schema ( s ) . drops all database objects in the passed schema ( s ) .
performs extra liquibase . migrator . migrator configuration as required by the extending class .
by default this method does nothing , but sub classes can override this method to perform extra configuration steps on the liquibase . migrator . migrator .
converts the input to a piece of a uri by percent encoding assuming a utf - 8 encoding .
directory where rotated slave logs are stored .
creates a launcher for the slave . - - - sends out a string error message , with optional " show details " link that expands to the full stack trace . use this with caution , so that anonymous users do not gain too much insights into the state of the system , as error stack trace often reveals a lot of information . consider if a check operation needs to be exposed to everyone or just those who have higher access to job / hudson / etc . sends out a string error message , with optional " show details " link that expands to the full stack trace . use this with caution , so that anonymous users do not gain too much insights into the state of the system , as error stack trace often reveals a lot of information . consider if a check operation needs to be exposed to everyone or just those who have higher access to job / hudson / etc .
returns the list of variable key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
sets the list of variable key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
gets current float value .
creates an int variable key value object for the given key value .
called when the value for any of the variable in parallax source changes .
returns a copy of this local date with the specified period subtracted . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . gets the amount of days of this period . this returns the days unit .
returns a copy of this local date with the specified period added . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' . gets the amount of days of this period . this returns the days unit .
adds a mapping between an input and an itemstack - - - sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag
method used to generate a training dataset to a matrix dataset and extracts its contents to matrixes . - - - puts the trainable in the bundle using a specific key and returns the previous entry or null . puts the trainable in the bundle using a specific key and returns the previous entry or null .
called by the underlying rich text are when user actions trigger browser events .
called when the underlying rich text area looses focus .
set the filter data for the offset from the given filters - - - get the string value in this document for the given field name . get the string value in this document for the given field name .
attempts to login this client with the given credentials map .
the inputed image should be the entire original segmented image and assumes the outside border is filled with values < 0 .
the value of each region is reduced by one at the very end .
returns the total number of regions labeled , including the watershed .
segments the image using the initial seeds for each region . - - - changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small for the new shape . changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small for the new shape . fills each band in the image with the specified values fills each band in the image with the specified values resets and adjusts the grid size fills each band in the image with the specified values
this is often done to avoid over segmentation but requires additional preprocessing or knowledge on the image structure . - - - changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small for the new shape . changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small for the new shape . fills each band in the image with the specified values fills each band in the image with the specified values resets and adjusts the grid size fills each band in the image with the specified values
returns the number of times cache lookup methods have successfully created a new value .
this is defined as total create time ( ) / create count ( ) .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread . - - - checks to see if the tested module is backwards compatible .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread without requiring use the configuration panel . - - - checks to see if the tested module is backwards compatible .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread without requiring use the configuration panel . - - - checks to see if the tested module is backwards compatible .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread .
seeks for recurring xml element in an input stream which are likely candidates for being data records - - - helper to be used by subclasses to emit simple info warnings helper to be used by subclasses to emit simple info warnings
looks for an element with the given tag name in the xml being parsed , returning the path hierarchy to reach it .
return the value range for the serialized values .
create a barrier that gates on the ring buffer and a list of entry consumers
returns a long value .
checking entity stored in a cache in a different entity manager session - - - create the employee but don ' t commit the change to the database , instead keep it in the extended persistence context . get the message the transaction has completed successfully . the participant previously informed the coordinator that it was ready to complete .
get fully qualified column name from output key column names and column expression map
set if a scan is in progress .
adds the specified rows ( inclusive ) to the selection .
removes the specified rows ( inclusive ) from the selection .
returns the selection .
returns the selection in terms of rows .
static method to verify that the key usage and extended key usage extension in a ca cert .
invoke a function with the given number of parameters
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
this method consumes an inputstream , returning its content then closing it . - - - forwards parameters and the session ' s callback to the shadow ' s adapter , allowing the tester to dictate the results of the call .
used to construct predictors that need this data .
returns the data store starting address . - - - set handshake state
marks the instance to be reseted .
this will cause all properties to be reseted to default values , when a value is added by calling the method the next time .
returns a request options object with # transform ( context , transformation ) set .
returns a request options object with # center crop ( context ) set . - - - applies center crop to all default types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) ( ) .
returns a request options object with request options # circle crop ( context ) set . - - - applies circle crop to all default types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) .
returns a request options object with # center inside ( context ) set . - - - applies center inside to all default types , downsample strategy # center _ inside to image types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) and previous calls to # downsample ( downsample strategy ) .
returns a request options object with # fit center ( context ) set . - - - applies fit center and to all default types , downsample strategy # fit _ center to image types , and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) and previous calls to # downsample ( downsample strategy ) .
execute query that gets only number of all solr documents indexed without actually returning the documents
this will trigger a rebalance operation and messages for this topic will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards - - - unsubscribes to changes for the given keys at the given path ( optional operation ) . remove the session aggregated with provided windowed key from the store
the offset used for fetching the data is governed by whether or not # seek ( map ) seek ( offsets ) is used . - - - returns the current time in milliseconds . returns the error encountered when processing the current stage . request a commit . get all the key - value pairs in the given key range and time range from all the existing windows . this iterator must be closed after use . get the next stamped record from the queue get the next stamped record from the queue
messages for these partitions will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards - - - unsubscribes to changes for the given keys at the given path ( optional operation ) . remove the session aggregated with provided windowed key from the store
get api & implementation external deps .
get api & implementation target deps .
is called after the assignment has ( recursively ) been extended by a value assignment for . - - - returns for binary constraints the other variable from the scope .
gracefully shuts down the underlying connections via concurrent hclient pool # shutdown ( ) . - - - remove ( int ) is the primary method that removes elements from the list . all other remove methods end up calling abstract composite . remove ( int ) .
remove the concurrent hclient pool referenced by the cassandra host from the active host pools . - - - remove ( int ) is the primary method that removes elements from the list . all other remove methods end up calling abstract composite . remove ( int ) .
but rules with data binding disabled will fail if any data binding expressions appear in their layout resources . - - - returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration . returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration . returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration .
this calls # get schema ( uri ) and uses uri # create ( string ) to build the uri
this is the other way to obtain a container ( the other is # register schema ( json node ) ) .
validate and return the groups query .
validate and return the hash algorithm parameters .
validate and return the hash algorithm .
validate and return the priority either from the el expression or the direct priority setting . - - - evaluates a selector tree without resolving identifiers ( usually applied only to selector subtrees with num ids = = 0 ) .
validate and return the data source lookup .
validate and return the caller search base .
validate and return the caller name attribute .
validate and return the caller base dn .
validate and return the group name attribute .
validate and return the group search filter .
validate and return the group member attribute .
validate and return the group search base .
validate and return the caller search scope . - - - evaluates a selector tree without resolving identifiers ( usually applied only to selector subtrees with num ids = = 0 ) .
validate and return the caller search filter .
validate and return the group member of attribute .
tests the cookies parsing .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " . - - - utility function to find minimum and maximum values .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as clustering key filter .
gets the visit type for an encounter type .
verify jaspic session is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
verify jaspic session is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
get the md5 of the given key .
connects to an already set host .
assumes all attributes are real ( reading the full data set with get data set will establish the true structure ) .
returns the pre values of all document nodes matching the specified path . - - - returns the pre values of all document nodes that start with the specified path . returns the pre values of all document nodes that start with the specified path .
creates the binary string representation of an ipv4 prefix . - - - returns the ip address value of the prefix . returns the ip address value of the prefix . creates a new document path element appending child elm to this path . creates a new document path element appending child elm to this path .
finds a bgp ipv6 routing entry in the bgp rib - in .
finds a bgp ipv4 routing entry in the bgp rib - in .
gets the bgp rib - in ipv4 routing entries . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map are reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while an iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results of the iteration are undefined . the collection supports element removal , which removes the corresponding mapping from the map , via the iterator . remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support the add or add all operations .
gets the bgp rib - in ipv6 routing entries . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map are reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while an iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results of the iteration are undefined . the collection supports element removal , which removes the corresponding mapping from the map , via the iterator . remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support the add or add all operations .
sets a number of crashes on the system .
javabean tester .
reads the parameters needed from the static sphinx properties object . - - - gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name
returns contents of ` custom _ ca . txt ` as char sequence
gets the charset name if set as property exchange # charset _ name . - - - returns the inbound request message as the given type
gets the url of the icon associated with this menu ' s menu entry .
gets this menu ' s children , sorted by weight . - - - sorts the array . sorts the array .
the types of the input elements and the output value can differ .
refine the raw border as much as possible
determines , if the current memcached nodes configuration is a membase bucket configuration ( like e . g .
returns a list of membase rest interface uris if the current configuration is a membase bucket configuration .
if the component is already present in the tab sheet , changes its caption and icon and returns the corresponding ( old ) tab , preserving other tab metadata . - - - sets the tabulator index of this focusable component .
checks whether the scrollbar should be active and needed , i . e .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
retrieves the naming context bound to a thread .
unbinds a naming context to a class loader . - - - removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it has not already started . this method may be useful as one part of a cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a form that maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled . removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it has not already started . this method may be useful as one part of a cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a form that maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled .
unbinds a naming context to a thread . - - - removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it has not already started . this method may be useful as one part of a cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a form that maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled . removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it has not already started . this method may be useful as one part of a cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a form that maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled .
binds a naming context to a thread .
get all non - expired retention leases tracked on this shard . - - - collect a value in the given bucket always accept the term .
builds a block with 3 d border and optional subheadline in the dialog content area .
builds a block with 3 d border and optional subheadline in the dialog content area .
block by sleeping in a loop
convenience access to the underlying jdbc services . - - - get the jdbc services .
add a channel to thie vector , and set it equal to a given value . - - - get the data set name . get the data set name . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id .
the input channel should not be changed after it is passed in to this method . - - - get the data set name . get the data set name . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id .
this method delegates to # fast ( state ) with state state # set .
close all the windows .
pop and return the oldest generation .
remove all on - disk export windows or die trying .
drop data that follows snapshot txn id
get reference to a specific generation .
get reference to first generation
utility method to throw a runtime exception based on the error code and serialized exception - - - removes all items from the queue . called from the consumer thread subject to the restrictions appropriate to the implementation and according to the queue # clear ( ) interface . removes all items from the queue . called from the consumer thread subject to the restrictions appropriate to the implementation and according to the queue # clear ( ) interface . retrieves the character position at which the specified clob object searchstr appears in this clob object . wraps a input stream , limiting the number of bytes which can be read . retrieves the character position at which the specified clob object searchstr appears in this clob object . wraps a input stream , limiting the number of bytes which can be read .
return true if this type will resolve to a class that represents an array .
otherwise , it uses " current token " and " expected token sequences " to generate a parse error message and returns it . - - - gets the property that this assertion acts along .
updates the num files and total size parameters for the passed unpartitioned table by querying the warehouse if the passed table does not already have values for these parameters .
the names of all registered scale - out indices .
create a key info bean that contains an x . 509 certificate .
the protocols are only sent if the socket implementation supports npn .
returns the list of . hpi and . hpl to expand and load . - - - calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments . calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments .
normally we look at $ jenkins _ home / plugins . hpi and . hpl . - - - calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments . calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments .
note a plugin package may be composed of more than one plugin , so resources must be loaded just once for every package . - - - loads properties from configuration file .
allows a list to be used as the indices to be used on a string
all the shards ( replicas ) for the provided indices .
this method differs from # intersect aab ( vector3f , vector3f ) intersect aab ( ) in that it allows to mask - off planes that should not be calculated .
this is done later by startup metadata persister - - - this is part of the internal api . this is a post request .
prints the ast in ' ascii art ' tree form to the specified print stream .
sets the send zuul response boolean - - - replace any / all entries with this key , with this single entry . replace any / all entries with this key , with this single entry .
if this value if true then the response should be sent to the client .
replaces the # top _ level _ package _ symbol at the beginning of the given text with the current project / module ' s top - level package
change the follow state of the blog the passed post is in
we only verify here that the save document api calls the new observation component . - - - asserts that a condition is false . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results . asserts that a condition is true . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results .
we only verify here that the save document api calls the new observation component . - - - asserts that a condition is false . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results . asserts that a condition is false . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results . asserts that a condition is true . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results .
sends the given message to all vertices that are targets of an outgoing edge of the changed vertex . - - - retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that .
cancels a pending or current sync operation .
prevents an observable from erroring by chaining ` on error resume next ` , and any errors that occur of type api error will be piped into the supplied errors publish subject .
export specific rows from an sstable and write the resulting json to a print stream . - - - searches " forwards " ( in direction of travel ) in the iterator for the required key ; if this or any key greater has already been returned by the iterator , the method may choose to return null , the correct or incorrect output , or fail an assertion . it is permitted to search past the end of the iterator , i . e . ! has next ( ) = > next ( ? ) = = null perform an asynchronous flush , then waits until all outstanding flushes have completed
export specific rows from an sstable and write the resulting json to a file .
otherwise , creates an instance of a classname obtained by concatenating the given to a package name from a given list of package names .
returns the pre values of all document nodes starting with the specified path . - - - returns the pre values of all document nodes that start with the specified path . returns the pre values of all document nodes that start with the specified path .
returns the database paths to all binary files that match the specified path .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term , with control over whether freqs are required .
this will return null if the field or term does not exist .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term , with control over whether freqs are required .
this will return null if the field or term does not exist .
retrieves the information of the current migration .
removes a specific sound level listener of the list of listeners interested in and notified about changes in local sound level related information . - - - returns a reference to the call peer media handler used by this peer . the media handler class handles all media management for a single call peer . this includes initializing and configuring streams , generating sdp , handling ice , etc . one instance of call peer always corresponds to exactly one instance of call peer media handler and both classes are only separated for reasons of readability .
this can use 3 different mechanisms for obtaining a credential :
static method to convert key into a useable instance of rsapublic key or rsaprivate ( crt ) key .
put string preferences - - - put string to preferences with custom preference
put int preferences
put boolean preferences
put float preferences
put long preferences
caches original options and assigns runtime options .
method that converts the symmetric units of a structure into different chains , so that internal symmetry can be translated into quaternary . - - - the multiple alignment is calculated from the equivalent residues in the subunit cluster . the alignment is recalculated every time the method is called ( no caching ) . set the identifier corresponding to this structure set the chains for a model set the identifier corresponding to this structure add a new chain to the model specified by the given index add a new chain to the model specified by the given index
sets the business day adjuster to apply to the start and end dates . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ;
the meta - property for the business day adjuster property .
gets the business day adjuster to apply to the start and end dates .
if sliding window size is 100 and sliding window type is count _ based , then the last 100 calls are recorded and aggregated .
if sliding window size is 10 and sliding window type is time _ based , then the calls of the last 10 seconds are recorded and aggregated .
returns a new data frame with additional nominal columns that are converted from given string columns . - - - returns the stream of nonzero entries . returns the stream of nonzero entries . returns a nominal scale of measure based on distinct values in the vector . converts strings to discrete measured values . depending on how many levels in the nominal scale , the type of returned vector may be byte , short or integer . the missing values / nulls will be converted to - 1 . converts strings to discrete measured values . depending on how many levels in the nominal scale , the type of returned vector may be byte , short or integer . the missing values / nulls will be converted to - 1 . returns the elements as an array . returns the elements as an array .
open an element , appending " " to the buffer . - - - append already safe html as - is , avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as - is , avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as - is , avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as - is , avoiding double escaping .
returns true if this method has a caller sensitive annotation .
otherwise , the configuration file is searched in the application directory ( the folder in which the project is located ) . - - - test method . test method .
in all other cases , the user ' s home directory ( defined in " user . home " ) is chosen . - - - test method . test method .
the ( in process ) iresource lock manager .
if there are help files within the extension , they are loaded and merged with existing help files .
set the stream id for the scheduling timer events channel .
get the channel parameter for the scheduling timer events channel .
get the stream id for the scheduling timer events channel .
set the channel parameter for scheduling timer events channel .
get the stream id for the scheduling timer events channel .
