the methods of the method that needs to be invoked on the builder to create the type being built .
the methods that can be used to build the type being built .
this should be a public methods within the builder itself
paths can be returned just like other return types .
get the last hidden matcher that system used to do a match .
writes a batch of mutations to cloud datastore .
all entities in the batch will be committed again , even if the commit was partially successful . - - - clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset . clears a timer . previous set timers will become unset .
sets the priority of this audio packet in the range of - max integer priority
sets up the channel and prepares to commense processing .
returns all data paths including custom index paths
normalises an attribute name .
assumes that the element name is valid and normalised .
the default implementation sets the exceptions as to the component that initiated the exception .
find the number of leading zeros .
note : this has different semantics to long . number of leading zeros when the number is 0 .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # upgrade ( http upgrade handler ) on the wrapped request object .
returns the analyzed tokens of the analyzed text , with whitespace tokens removed .
overridden by a method generated for value numberable subclasses .
submits a data source ingest thread runnable to the data source ingest thread pool . - - - cancels currently running operations and starts running the new list of swing workers .
submits a data source ingest thread runnable to the data source ingest thread pool . - - - cancels currently running operations and starts running the new list of swing workers .
sets the dependencies set capturing used headers by this compile .
internal method that retrieves the thread - local index for the current template execution .
deletes directory files - - - returns a list of available systems minus the excludes list execute delete query execute delete query
process es6 checks if the input language is set to at least es6 and a js file has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 checks if the input language is set to at least es6 and a js file has es6 features .
process es6 transpilations if the input language is set to at least es6 and the js file has es6 features .
hot - swap es6 transpilations if the input language is set to at least es6 and the js file has es6 features .
register a new function .
this function is for plan translation purposes .
sets the of parallelism for the contract represented by this optimizer node .
the of parallelism denotes how many parallel instances of the user function will be spawned during the execution .
gets the original program plan from which this optimized plan was created .
if the value is an avro record type , returns its fully - qualified name .
converts this object to a .
coerce a candidate name for an identifier into one which will definitely compile .
sets the manifest parser .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
evaluate an expression in boolean - only mode .
returns the entity as a graph .
enqueue an envelope to be sent .
returns the file name that matches the given segment name and extension .
tests that index merging ( specifically add indexes optimize ( ) ) doesn ' t change the index order of documents .
if there are no candidate types , answer ( for historical reasons that may evaporate ) . - - - do not call this . this is here to make modification of legacy tests easier . return an iterator over all the properties of this resource . the model associated with this resource is search and an iterator is returned which iterates over all the statements which have this resource as a subject .
run the stream application on the remote cluster
adds current read header .
helper method to de - serialize an int open hash set . - - - reads the int value at the given document id .
helper method to de - serialize a hash map . reads the int value at the given document id . specified key into map . the for the key is auto - generated as follows : if key does not exist in the map , it is inserted into the map with a new id which is equal to number of elements in the map before the key is inserted for example , first inserted will have id of 0 , second will have an id of 1 , and so on . if key already exists in , then it keeps its original id
compiles the source and populate the registry with suites .
parse arguments global configuration parameters .
validate that the given spec method model is either static or statically accessible ( i . e .
return the first object that matches the prepared query or null if none . - - - like compile ( database connection , statement type ) but allows to specify the result flags .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared query .
return a list of all of the data in the table that matches the prepared stmt .
cluster an instance .
when force merge deletes is called , we only merge away a segment if its delete percentage is over this threshold .
return a new string builder containing the same contents as the input builder , except that data of form $ varname have been replaced by the value of that var as defined in the system property .
this field on given instance . - - - generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . generates the js expression for a given call . important : if there are call param content node children whose contents are not computable as js expressions , then this function assumes that , elsewhere , code has been generated to define their respective ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' temporary variables . here are five example calls : call some . func data = " all " / call some . func data = " $ boo . foo " / call some . func param goo = $ moo / / call call some . func data = " $ boo " param goo blah / param / call call some . func param goo for $ i in range ( 3 ) $ i / for / param / call their respective generated calls might be the following : some . func ( opt _ data ) some . func ( opt _ data . boo . foo ) some . func ( goo : opt _ data . moo ) some . func ( soy . $ $ assign defaults ( goo : ' blah ' , opt _ data . boo ) ) some . func ( goo : param65 ) note that in the last case , the param content is not computable as js expressions , so we assume that code has been generated to define the temporary variable ' param & lt ; n & gt ; ' . see generator adapter # put ( type string type ) see generator adapter # put field ( type string , type )
the model supports k = 5 . . . 40 .
returns true if field http artifact uploads ongoing count is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
evaluate whether given object is within the threshold number of transitive hops .
is t a subtype of or convertiable via boxing / unboxing convertions to s ?
they contain only arcs with relevant shape .
when this is set , the writer will flush every max buffered docs added documents and never flush by ram usage .
the default value is 0 ( writer flushes by ram usage ) .
return a mutable , empty builder for a configuration .
returns the authorizer associated with this execution .
try buffer an optimized " read " of len from the given channel buffer . sub - region . modifying the of the returned buffer or this buffer affects each other ' s content while they maintain separate indexes and marks this method does not modify reader index or writer index of this buffer . also be aware that this method will not call # retain ( ) and so the reference count will not be increased . sets the reader index of this buffer .
the split method returns something that is iteratable such as a java . util . list .
retransmits a packet to # channel .
the file will be a temporary file until # ufs complete file is called .
this will print the to the given output stream .
the declaration to the given output stream . - - - a single character to output writer . write a single character writer
utility usable by subclasses when they want to get basic string sorting .
return the page of computer
set the decoder to use .
currently date and big decimal are handled explicitly .
extend the index pointing to the header element of the markup
invoked from html header container it ' ll ask all child components of the
this is true for all components added to the header as well .
sets the name in the text view for the given phone call .
convert key combination to key stroke .
the returned list is unmodifiable .
sets the editor ' s buffered - through mode to the specified status .
convenience method to create a new ad hoc planned statement .
multiplies the value of this fraction by another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced .
gets the greatest common divisor of two numbers .
divide the value of this fraction by another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced .
adds the value of this fraction to another , returning the result . - - - gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced . gets a fraction that is the positive equivalent of this one . more precisely : ( fraction & gt ; = 0 ? this : - fraction ) the returned fraction is not reduced . creates a reduced fraction instance with the 2 parts of a fraction y / z . for example , if the input parameters represent 2 / 4 , then the created fraction will be 1 / 2 . any negative signs are resolved to be on the numerator .
from the value of this one . - - - gets a fraction that is the negative ( - fraction ) . returned fraction is not reduced creates the value of another fraction from the value of this one , returning the result . <DELETE_END>
this method sense only when called from within the build kicked by hudson . null . returns
we use the r variables that hudson sets to determine the build that is being run .
returns a task which flushes a caching resource resource .
flush database using efficient batch operations . - - - perform truth maintenance for statement assertion . this method computes the closure of the temporary store against the database , writing entailments into the temporary store . once all entailments have been computed , it then copies the all statements in the temporary store into the database and deletes the temporary store . flushes the bit stream . this method will align the stream , write the bit buffer , empty the byte buffer and delegate to the stream # flush ( ) method of the underlying output stream . this method is provided so that users of this class can easily wrap repositionable streams ( for instance , file - based streams , which can be repositioned the underlying java nio . channels . file channel ) . it is guaranteed that after calling this method the underlying stream can be repositioned , and that the next write to the underlying output stream will start with the content of the first write method called afterwards . compute closure as configured . if closure enum # none was selected then this may be used to ( re ) compute the full closure of the database . retraction when the closure is computed , each statement to be retracted is examined to determine whether or not it is still entailed by the database without the support of the statements that were explicitly retracted . statements that were explicit in the database that are still provable are converted to inferences . statements which can no longer be proven ( i . e . , that are not supported by a grounded justification chain ) are retracted from the database and added into another temporary store and their justifications are deleted from the database . process repeats with new until no fixed point ( no more ungrounded statements are identified )
it must be invoked within any method that will read on the database to ensure that any pending writes have been flushed ( otherwise the read operation will not be able to see the pending writes ) . bit buffer , empty the byte buffer and delegate to the output stream # flush ( method of the underlying output stream . this method is provided so that users of this class can easily wrap repositionable streams ( for instance , file - based streams , which can be repositioned using the underlying java . nio . channels . file channel ) . it is guaranteed that after calling this method the underlying stream can be repositioned , and that the next write to the underlying output stream will start with the content of the first write method called afterwards . compute closure as configured . if closure enum # none was selected then this may be used to ( re - ) compute the full closure of the database . perform truth maintenance for statement retraction . when the closure is computed , each statement to be retracted is examined to determine whether or not it is still entailed by the database without the support of the statements that were explicitly retracted . statements that were explicit in the database that are still provable are converted to inferences . statements which can no longer be proven ( i . e . , that are not supported by a grounded justification chain ) are retracted from the database and added into another temporary store and their justifications are deleted from the database . this process repeats with the new temporary store until no fixed point ( no more ungrounded statements are identified ) .
string text = driver . find element ( " id = preformatted " ) . get text ( ) ; - - - find the first web element using the given method . see the note in # find elements ( by ) about finding via xpath . this method is affected by the ' implicit wait ' times in force at the time of execution . the find element ( . . ) invocation will return a matching row , or try again repeatedly until the configured timeout is reached . find element should not be used to look for non - present elements , use # find elements ( by ) and assert zero length response instead . see w3 c web driver specification for more details .
create a new point builder from a coordinate
sanitizes a course or team ' s title by removing leading / trailing whitespace .
returns the stream ' s links dirty ( or ) when this method is implemented .
if they are equal , then the come from the same true parent .
see # create one task process ( ) .
collects and emits a tuple to the outputs by reusing a stream record object . - - - sets the value of the designated parameter using the given object .
sets the object stored
build a new document from this marshaller ' s document builder factory .
sample from a dirichlet distribution over the given alpha , returning a vector of probabilities using a stick - breaking algorithm - - - return a new empty vector of the same underlying class as the receiver with given cardinality return a new empty vector of the same underlying class as the receiver with given cardinality return the sum of all the elements of the receiver return the sum of all the elements of the receiver set the value at the given index set the value at the given index
key with equal value in store no loader cache writer
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache writer loader
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache loader writer
key not present in store key with equal value present via cache writer
key with equal value present in loader store cache writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store key with unequal value present via cache writer loader
key not present in loader store cache writer . write throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache writer loader
key not present in store key not present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws cache writer . write loader throws
key with unequal value present in store > store . compute if loader present throws cache writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key not present via cache writer
key with unequal value present in loader store cache writer . write throws
key with equal value present in store key with unequal value present via loader cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws no cache writer
key with unequal value present in store key with equal value present via loader cache writer
key with equal value present in store key with equal value present via cache writer loader
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key not present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with equal value present via cache writer
key with equal value present in store > store . compute if present throws no loader cache writer
key not present in store no loader cache writer
key with unequal value in store no loader cache writer
key not present in store key with unequal value present via cache writer loader
key with unequal value present in store key not present via cache writer
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws cache writer . write loader throws
key not present in store > store . compute if present throws key with unequal value present via cache writer
exiting the method in an expected fashion .
create a mark filtered value transformer .
create a mark as not value transformer .
flips the region , adjusting the offset so the image appears to be flipped as if no whitespace has been removed for packing .
gets text search arguments .
sets text search arguments .
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename .
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename if present .
construct a fresh scope within this scope , with same owner , which shares its table with the outer scope .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
returns code 200
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
returns code 200
attempt to access a protected servlet configured for basic authentication with jaspi activated .
given a list of uuids , get a list of users , sorted .
get the test report data as a json .
current record : 118 ( feb 2010 )
prev : 161 , 127 .
current record : 100 bytes ( feb 2010 )
prev : 166 , 109 .
sends the result of the specified text template with an parameter map .
adds javascript that will be evaluated on the client side
check the client secret . - - - log error .
returns the identity of the remote server as defined in the specified certificate . - - - returns the name of the class that the bean info applies to ( which corresponds to the resource bundle that will be loaded ) . for example , for the class com . foo . example class , the name would be example class . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces .
the identities is defined in the subject dn of the certificate and it can also be defined in the subject alt name extension of type " xmpp " . integer is updated with number replaces
when the extension is being used then the identity defined in the extension in going to be returned . - - - returns the name of the class that the bean info applies to ( which corresponds to the resource bundle that will be loaded ) . for example , for the class com . foo . example class , the name would be example class . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces . replaces all instances of old string with new string in line . the count integer is updated with number of replaces .
form component subclass an opportunity to instantiate a model on the fly using the containing form ' s model .
to be called from the receiver to see if a image should be garbage collected .
for a given object value and its supposed type info determine and return its java object representation
terminates the request with an http unauthorized response
terminates the request with an http forbbidden response or redirects to login for page requests
calls # go to ( long , long , string , boolean ) with successor fields .
tests if the job status .
get the channel associated with this id
obtain statistics for the represented by path . - - - like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of
the actual statistics will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , if the operation fails . - - - like # props ( string handler ) but returns a future of
like # props ( string , handler ) but returns a future of the asynchronous result
the actual statistics will be obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called with the results , if the operation fails . - - - like # props ( string handler ) but returns a future of
returns statistics on the file - system being used by the specified path
the actual statistics are obtained asynchronously and the specified completion handler will be called on completion with the result , or , if the operation fails
private helper method for publihing into the filesystem .
test if resource must be written to the filesystem .
choose the new value over the old value .
returns a list with all sub resources of the given parent folder ( and all of it ' s subfolders ) that have been modified in the given time range .
the segment will be locked during update .
factory method for creating a new instance of launcher .
assume that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation - - - make an individual datum out of the data list info , focused at position loc . returns the list of features without values returns the list of features without values
adds a local process to the local controller , the process definition is read from a file .
[ not supported ] returns the input stream , starting . - - - write trace information as a method call in the form object name . method name ( param ) where the parameter is formatted as a java string . internal . check if this connection is closed . get the input
[ not supported ] returns the reader , starting from an offset . get the reader
checks whether a cookie value is valid : can ' t contain = or ;
add an ble device . write builder to the write queue .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . ble device . read write listener . type of the write to perform .
set the com . idevicesinc . sweetblue . ble device . read write listener for listening to the callback of the write .
june 13 , 2013 ) from timestamp of the form yyyy - mm - dd hh : mm ( e . g .
2013 - 07 - 13 13 : 01 )
service response > @ param account name the azure data lake analytics account to execute catalog operations on .
set the suffix value .
get the suffix value .
set the suffix value .
get the access key value .
set the storage accounts value .
get the storage accounts value .
set the suffix value .
set the suffix value .
get the suffix value .
set the access key value .
get the firewall state value .
get the creation time value .
set the encryption state value .
set the firewall value .
get the id value .
set the encryption config value .
get the firewall value .
handles a config command .
the default settings are not identical , and certain base cases may not behave in the exact same manner . consideration . sets the minimum number of samples needed at each step in order to continue branching when a split is made , may be that outliers cause the split to segregate a minority of points from the majority the min result split size parameter specifies the minimum allowable number of points to end up in one of the splits for it to be admisible for consideration . proportion the training set that is put aside perform pruning with . note : the values 0 and 1 are special cases . 0 indicates that no pruning will occur regardless of the set pruning method 1 indicates that the training set will be used as the testing set . this valid for some pruning methods . sets the method of pruning that will used after tree construction sets the method of pruning will used after tree construction
the default implementation returns an instance of word based parser .
differently from # find ( k ) , only the local entity map is scanned .
differently from # get ( k ) , entity maps of all nodes are scanned .
submits a submit to the protocol .
this method initializes split spider pane
it expects the transformation to be read from a file which is stored under the ' configurations / transform '
sets the upfront payment property in the builder .
the meta - property for the upfront fee property .
sets the start date property in the builder .
sets the end date property in the builder . ;
the meta - property for the start date property .
the meta - property for the end date property .
the meta - property for the business day adjustment property .
sets the business day adjustment property in the builder . " ) ;
append to the string builder either a select arg argument or a value object . - - - return the value from the field in the object that is defined by this field type . if the field is a foreign object then the id of the field is returned instead .
ensures that all indices are compatible with the node index version .
closes kafka kafka producer
sets the form of the legend forms
returns the current form that is set for the legend
convenience wrapper around get confidence ( ) . get appeared at chain height ( )
returns a string representation in the config store .
note this traverses the entire map and calls equals on every value , which may be an expensive operation .
defaults to " store representation " .
defaults to " represent " .
defaults to " initialize " .
defaults to " accept representation " .
defaults to " remove representations " .
we take throws template cacerts . jks , change its password to the master password , and then add in the self signed s1as certificate created earlier layout
in ' append only ' mode existing free space is not reused , but records are added to the end of the store .
creates or open database stored in file .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( order preserving )
returns the flattened view of the type hierarchy .
return the view portion of text from the underlying file . - - - appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the escapes a string so it may be printed as content or attribute value in a html page or an xml file . this method replaces following characters in a string : & lt ; with & amp ; lt ; & gt ; with & amp ; gt ; & amp ; with & amp ; amp ; & quot ; with & amp ; quot ; closes result set , and statement . css class reader . escapes a string so it may be printed as text content or attribute value in a html page or an xml this method replaces following characters in : & lt ; with & amp ; lt ; & gt ; with & amp ; gt ; & amp ; with & amp ; amp ; & quot ; with & amp ; quot ;
handles the given action .
if it ' s a remove action then this method cancels any tasks which works on the same media immediately .
called when the task state changes .
returns a progress notification for the given task states .
define the profile configuration file that should be used by this credentials provider .
by default , the result of profile file # profile file ( ) is used .
override the default configuration file locator to be used when the customer does not explicitly set # profiles config file ( profiles config file ) .
this is only useful for testing the default behavior .
gets the number of bytes expected in the priority length field of the payload .
for frames that include padding , indicates if the # pad _ low field is present .
reads the variable - length padding length field from the payload .
gets the number of bytes expected for the priority fields of the payload .
this is determined by the # padding present ( ) flag .
perform the write performer . - - - semantically equivalent to system # nano time ( ) simple method to walk the btree forwards and apply function till a stop condition is reached private method simple method walk the btree forwards and apply a function till a stop condition is reached private
use this method to have these row mutations applied across all replicas . - - - write the streams data into the socket semantically equivalent to system # nano time ( ) takes nanoseconds
creates a injector instance .
registers the bindings for the container with the platform mbean server . - - - registers all the bindings of an injector with the given mbean server . consider using the name of your root module class as the domain . registers all the bindings of an injector with the given mbean server . consider using the name of your root module class as the domain .
registers the bindings for the injector with the given mbean server .
sets the value of the priority property .
gets the value of the priority property .
sets the http dir .
imports all resources from the real filesystem , stores them into the correct locations in the open cms vfs . - - - deletes a directory in the file system all subfolders of that directory . given resource if possible
sets the cms object .
sets the leave downloads .
instance . missing value ( ) if the area is not available . - - - returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . . returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . .
import gpx provided via intent of import activity . - - - returns folder ' s type . this value is immutable
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using a key template .
rotates a keyset by generating a fresh key using key template .
convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified template . it looks up a key manager identified by key template . type _ url , and calls key manager # new key data . this method should be used solely for key management . convenience method for generating a new key data for the specified template . it looks up a key manager identified by key template . type _ url , and calls key manager # new key data . this method should be used solely for key management .
the method wrapper is cached and guarded against the type or number of scopes changing . - - - coerce results to java native iterables , functions , callables .
retrieves the mapped to the specified jid . - - - returns true if an internal or external component hosting the specified address . the jid can be a full jid or a bare jid since only the domain of the specified address will be used look up route when running inside of a cluster the look up will be done in all the cluster . so as long as a node is hosting the component a value will be returned
request processing will continue until the channel ( or its underlying connection ) is shut down , or until terminate mainloop ( ) is called .
adds a merged region of cells ( hence those cells form one ) - - - validates the given certificate chain . verify that merged regions do not intersect multi - cell array formulas and no merged regions intersect another merged region in this sheet . adds a merged region of cells on a sheet . return the column of the first cell that contains the hyperlink return the row of the last cell that contains the hyperlink return the column of the last cell that contains the hyperlink
some load balancers don ' t support websockets .
this method does not block .
this method returns true if it adds a resource to the pool .
creates the top and app modules in the case of regular , vr , and wallpapers , and top , mobile and wear modules in the case of watchfaces .
creates a new state machine from a named resource configuration .
creates a new replicated state machine from a named resource configuration .
submits a synchronous entry to the context . - - - creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally . sets the node identifier . returns the build version number . deletes the segment . completes writing the snapshot to persist it and make it available for reads . snapshot writers must call this method to persist a snapshot to disk . prior to completing a snapshot , failure and recovery of the parent snapshot store will not result in recovery of this snapshot . additionally , no # open reader ( ) readers can be created until the snapshot has been completed .
creates a new asynchronous boolean , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous boolean , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic long , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous atomic reference , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous map , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous map , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous multimap , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous multimap , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous set , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new asynchronous set , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
. - - - returns the service thread context . reads an object buffer returns service thread context
unregisters a state command or query . - - - returns the address selector state . removes the member from the configuration . if the member is a part of the current raft quorum ( is an type # active member ) then the quorum will be impacted by removing the member . removes the member from the configuration . if the member is a part of the current raft quorum ( is an type # active member ) then the quorum will be impacted by removing the member .
creates a new state machine , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
creates a new state machine , loading the log configuration from the classpath .
gets reddit score .
assume that core label has both text annotation and answer annotation - - - make an individual datum out of the data list info , focused at position loc . returns the list of features without values returns the list of features without values
the function also takes into consideration nodes which are being bootstrapped for the first time , in which case we can safely ignore checking them
taken from org . eclipse . jdt . internal . core . util . util . index of java
registering the same listener multiple times is a no - op .
we separate inter instances already marshaled ( the ' used vertices ' ) from the other instances ( the ' temp vertices ) that are not used out of the sig .
two cookies are equal if the domain , name and match . - - - two cookies value .
sets the directory to be used for the temporary files created by the # create temporary file ( ) method .
gets initial naming context from default name service url and default name service type .
return first entity whit given component
_ prep message data - takes the mail message and returns a url friendly querystring
set headers - sets the list headers destroys previous header data
to url part - converts an array list to a url friendly string
add to - append an email address to the existing list
add category - append a category to the list of categories
set to - initialize a email for the recipient ' to ' field
add filter setting - append a filter setting to the list of filter settings
send - send an email
set category - clears the category list and adds the given category
set reply to - set the reply - to address .
bcc - initialize the list of carbon copy recipients destroy previous recipient blind carbon copy data
returns the classname of the result matrix class , responsible for the output format , using the second and third argument of this method as parameters sets precision for the means . sets the precision for the standard deviation . sets whether display average per column or not whether to display std deviations or not - always false ! sets whether to remove filter classname from the dataset name
this method verifies if the local topology being returned by the discovery service is a host cluster .
get a dependency info by the dependency id
generate a dependency info , which is used for the thrift server .
adds the specified option id and its value to the end of the given parameter list .
adds the specified flag to the end of the given parameter array .
adds the specified flag to the end of the given parameter list .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the end of the given parameter array .
adds the specified parameter and its value to the end of the given parameter list .
override the default stats implementation .
creates a stats trace context for an outgoing rpc , using the current stats context .
creates a stats trace context for an incoming rpc , using the stats context deserialized from the headers .
set the heap dump capture object imported from hprof file .
returns a copy of this with the flavor set to flavor
returns the hardware flavor of this node
the name for the service .
set application state .
. - - - converts an array containing the natural logarithms of probabilities stored in vector back into probabilities . the probabilities are assumed to sum to one . normalizes the doubles in the array using the value .
upload segment using default settings .
gets a value indicating the log address of the data frame that was committed .
sets the operation sequence number in the transaction .
the operation ' s effects are reflected in the pending transaction .
if the given operation is a storage operation , the operation is validated against the base container metadata and the pending transaction and it is updated accordingly ( if needed ) .
if the given operation is a metadata checkpoint operation , the current state of the metadata ( including pending transactions ) is serialized to it .
tests the ability to append to a durable data log .
if the given injector is null or does not generate an exception ( null ) , this method returns a normally completed future with no result .
initialize the annotators at the start of the unittest .
register a file as part of the column set with a given encoding .
check test vector against expected algorithm and version .
this method also finds all meta - annotations in the annotation hierarchy above the specified annotation .
generates a new pair of private and public keys .
asserts that two arrays contain the same elements in the same order . - - - asserts that two float arrays are equal . if they are not , an assertion error is thrown . fails a test with no message . fails a test with no message . asserts that two ints are equal .
asserts that two arrays contain the same elements in the same order .
note : will not terminate for infinite - sized collections .
note : may not terminate for infinite - sized collections .
this method checks dependencies in the " main " and " selected tests " artifacts .
define an in - line route that supports http delete method :
publish static files to the client .
returns an array of test names to ignore .
if a simple test that ' s defined by this or by one of its bulk test methods has a name that ' s in the returned array , then that simple test will not be executed .
converts a cql - formatted search query into a format that the x - server can understand .
retrieve the configuration value mapped by the specified key as a char array .
adds a task to this thread ' s queue
get database connections via sql type .
creates a criterion using the $ ne operator
creates a criterion using the $ lte operator
creates a criterion using the $ lt operator
creates a criterion using the $ gte operator
creates a criterion using a $ regex and $ options
creates a criterion using the $ gt operator
set the page limit .
gets the cursor .
an optional integer specifying the number of documents returned by the service .
set the type not changed .
set the category not changed .
gets the category not changed .
gets the include total .
set the cursor .
gets the type not changed .
attempts merging the specified segment and the segment before this .
it takes a checkpoint plan and waits for the lineage checkpointing service to checkpoint the lineages in the plan .
return a new instance of this big arrays class with circuit breaking explicitly enabled , instead of only accounting enabled
factory method to create a key value partition writer instance that writes to a new the key - value data in a new file in tachyon .
high end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
low end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
high end of the reserved session id range which will not be automatically assigned .
ensure debug id on the current window container .
reads the request body from the given http servlet request .
sending data does not need to know how long the message is .
determines if this ' if ' statement is part of an ' else ' clause .
during - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if null , then the overall schedule end date will be used instead , in no final stub . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null else failure with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this useful for interoperability with apis that can return but where is not expected
a null stub convention indicates that the convention should be implied from the explicit dates that have been specified . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - , else failure with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this useful for interoperability with apis that can return but where is not expected
is null , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead . - - - returns a success result containing the value it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . useful for interoperability with apis that can return but where is not expected
- - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
if null , then the overall schedule start date will be used instead , in no initial stub . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null else failure with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this useful for interoperability with apis that can return but where is not expected
is null , the standard business day adjustment property is used instead . - - - returns a success result containing the value it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . useful for interoperability with apis that can return but where is not expected
determine the type of a field access ( implicit or explicit ) based on the receiver type and the declared annotations for the field ( committed - only ) .
returns the default view manager .
saves a temporary file associated with the given attachment .
a test case for testing the abstract office viewer # get temporary file ( attachment reference ) method .
returns the file contents associated with the tree .
set the name of the file associated with the tree .
add an atmosphere interceptor implementation .
configure the list of atmosphere interceptors .
copy bytes from an to chars on a the specified character encoding . - - - copies bytes from url to an output stream . this method buffers input internally , so there is no need to use a buffered input stream the buffer size is given by # default _ buffer _ size . the input internally , so there no need to use a buffered input stream . the buffer size is
speedup builds we only lookup hostname once and the result . - - - returns the cached short ( computed at most per the lifetime of a server ) . can take seconds to complete when the is cold . returns cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime of a server ) can take seconds to complete when cache is cold
therefore if hostname changes during bazel server lifetime , bazel will not see the change . ) . can take seconds to complete when the cache is cold . returns the cached short hostname ( computed at most once per the lifetime
if both prefix and suffix are null , the original filename is used , so the directory must not be null .
calls must be in pairs with deserialization context # get memoizing context in the corresponding deserialization code .
uses the xstream by setting the encoding .
extracts the path from the shortest - path - tree determined by edge .
get block to be evicted by choosing the oldest block in current storage dirs
get removed block
get data path on current storage dir
remove a block from the block
get configuration of current dir ' s under file system
get temp file path of block written by some user
lock block by the user
get ufs of current dir ' s under file system
returns the root name of this resource , e . g .
also add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with proper default values . - - - adds a command option as the user would specify it using the cli command for instance
returns the first interface ip out of a of interfaces or null . - - - retrieves a list of ip addresses that are assigned to in the order that they were configured . converts an optional to a stream . maps this instance to a match another type
this method must be used for tests and assertions only in single - threaded environments .
adds an entry for the given rule to the stack trace of the exception ( if there is one ) .
returns the compute service that matches the given predicate .
generates invitecodes with the specified quantity .
the execute method does the work .
setter for org mapped
sorts the given list in ascending alphabetic order , using named # get name ( ) as the sorting criteria
formats file permission to human - readable version . - - - appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal . appends a new journal entry written to the journal .
tests the format utils # format mode ( short , boolean ) method .
tests the inode directory # get mode ( ) method .
tests the inode file # get mode ( ) method .
compare pattern matched as a pattern rule index against tree and return a parse tree match object that contains the matched elements , or the node at which the match failed .
does pattern matched as a pattern rule index match tree ?
find out if the request is integral security .
creates a live data of paged lists , given the list config .
shuts down a tasks executor service , waiting until all tasks are terminated .
lastly , we only need the extra query if we haven ' t yet got all the expressions from the clause .
factory method for getting a extended ri runtime instance .
locates an annotation with the specified type from a list of annotations .
returns if an index exists at the specified directory .
internal function that allows throws exceptions .
returns - 1 if the name argument is null or not the name of a framework attribute or resource , or if it is the name of a framework attribute or resource defined in api 1 .
tests write , read , read key
at the end of the method . = new file output ( file ) ; try ioutils . copy ( input stream , , true ) ; finally . close closes the underlying parser
persists the selected font size and sends a configuration change .
generate a traversal source using the specified traversal source . builder .
binds to instances from the factory bound to the given type .
binds to instances generated by the given factory .
binds to instances from the factory bound to the given type .
creates a connection from persisted information in the database store , attempting to create a mqtt client android service and the client handle .
get an mqtt service client object to represent a connection to a server - - - writes the specified persistent data to the previously specified persistence directory . this method uses a safe overwrite policy to ensure io errors do not lose messages . writes the specified persistent data to the previously specified persistence directory . this method uses a safe overwrite policy to ensure io errors do not lose messages .
get the mqtt connection client identified by this client handle
returns the cache of precomputed distances between the database objects .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element o downwards .
if is a check box or radio button , the border is not painted this returns the inset along the specified axis .
returns component painter .
sets proper painter .
sets custom style property for the specified component . - - - adds specified action into map . clears size caches for the specified component applies new component skin . returns previously applied skin if it have been replaced , current skin otherwise . this method is used in uis for initial component skin installation .
applies skin style property to the specified component ' s painter .
returns content margin taken from image patches .
produces a new proto2 coder instance , for a given protobuf message class .
deletes a given file id . - - - returns a worker id for a workers net address .
map the " jwk key publish " method to our given url
adds page related parameters ( path and optionally pagemap , version and interface ) .
pushes flow rules to the device to request packets be sent to the controller .
request packet in via packet intercepts service . requests that packets matching to following request be collected from all switches to following request be collected from all switches . requests that packets matching to following request no longer be collected from any switches .
creates an anonymous function , with no arguments to evaluate body .
collects information about the file such as hashsums . - - - get the value of file name .
returns an indexing analyzer for the lucene index .
accessor , only meant to be used by jackson
accessor , only meant to be used by jackson
get the constant value of the expression given the assumptions in the local constant map . - - - returns in the fuzzy single instance of phase dumper . returns the single instance of phase dumper . sets the value contained in this box as given . subject to can contain value ( ) checks . sets the value contained in this box as given . subject to can contain value ( ) checks . returns single instance of phase dumper
forwards all intercepted method invocations to a static field of the instrumented class .
returns the default response for generating return values in response to method calls on the mock object .
increment the by given amount . - - - updates the estimator with the bytes of records . indicate that changes have been made to the metric being tracked this dirty state . should be called after modification of value
purge table of older posts - no need to wrap this in a transaction since this is only called from reader database . purge ( ) which already creates a transaction
uses # is valid string ( string ) to validate the value .
adds a field to the metadata
adds a field to the metadata
chooses a number between min and max ( inclusive ) , equally distributed .
initiates read data remove a status listener . remove a status listener .
get a child logger relative to this logger .
check whether the given name points back to given alias as an alias in the other direction , catching a circular reference upfront and throwing a corresponding illegal state exception .
stack size : in bytes , as set by the launcher , a zero - value indicates this code determine this value , using a suitable method .
compute the alpha pixel that corresponds to the given char
build an image out of an array of strings . - - - report the length of a vector report the length of a vector assign the data .
filter the list to completed builds threshold . - - - returns true if build is not yet . this includes " started " state
returns a new http engine that should be used for the retry if e is recoverable , or null if the failure is permanent .
gets ip addresses of the host .
gets location of the host .
performs a full text search against indexed documents returning a hit list .
introspects the specified to obtain the cause using a supplied array of method names .
the standard identifier has a scheme of " og - index " .
if this property is not set explicitly but the channel is managed within a context , it will fallback to a bean named " conversion service " defined within that context .
test does not pass in eclipse ( because it can not find activemq - configuration . xsd ) .
returns true if conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed .
iraba # search ( byte [ ] ) is not supported because it must be done within a buddy hash bucket boundary . - - - this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure . this convenience method provides a version of # fail ( string message ) that also excepts a throwable cause for the test failure .
also note that there can be duplicate keys within a search hash table .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup dialog . is dialog visible method .
implements the popup window . is dialog visible method .
if the mime type is found , then that mime type is used , otherwise url resolution is used to try and determine the mime type . - - - returns the name of the plugin . returns the name of the plugin . returns the name of the plugin . a facade interface to tika ' s underlying mime types # for name ( string ) method . returns the name of the plugin .
then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given inet address point .
return the current global scope
sets the swagger parameter collection multiple type .
returns the last value saved in a call to # contains .
the types of the input elements and the output value can differ .
returns a new spill slot or a cached entry if there is already one for the plain trace interval # operand variable .
when set to null . - - - frees an object from the get ( class ) pool . called when an object is freed to clear the state of the object for possible later reuse . the default implementation calls poolable # if the object poolable set to null , # reset ( ) is called . - - - frees an object from the # get ( class ) pool .
returns whether the node has a date in the half - open interval .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return .
return a resolvable type for the specified method return .
return whether conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged .
set the pre - link transformer .
this is a guarded invocation transformer that will get the final chance to modify the guarded invocation after it has been created by a component linker and before the dynamic linker links it into the call site .
sets the parallelism of this operator . - - - sets maximum degree of defined for the program . the upper limit ( inclusive ) is short . max _ value . the maximum degree parallelism specifies the upper limit for dynamic scaling it also defines number key groups used partitioned state
return the async task executor to use for concurrent handling , or null . - - - assert a boolean expression , throwing an illegal state exception if the expression evaluates to false . assert a boolean expression , throwing an illegal state exception if the expression evaluates to false .
does the data frame have an index ?
virtual frame on startup to setup the global values .
creates a geospatial criterion using a $ within operation
this method uses # create components ( string , reader ) to obtain an instance of token stream components and returns the sink of the components .
removes the endpoint from gossip completely
get the request priority .
the default implementation assigns the following priorities : 2 - for a authenticated request 1 - for a request with valid / non new session 0 - for all other requests .
this method may be specialised to provide application specific priorities .
attach a new parameter to this result object with the specified name & value .
the validity object will include the item being viewed , along with all bundles & bitstreams .
set the head element which is the label associated with this referenceset .
the cell that is returned is a cell _ type _ blank .
returns the underlying ctrow xml bean representing this row
test setting .
sets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit ' .
gets the convention name , such as ' gbp - deposit ' .
checks if a given user is the name of one of the open cms default groups .
checks if the user of the current database context has permissions to impersonate the given role .
checks if the user of this open cms context is a member of at last one of the role in the given role set .
returns if at last one of the given instances is equal to a group of this role .
tests handling with a level ou . - - - writes login message to the current output stream .
get the spec to locate the jmx stream from the given host name
see parameters # max frame rate .
set all array elements to value .
sets a field in the given position of a specific tuple in the batch
writes the binary content of the given bytes ref as utf - 8 bytes - - - syntactic sugar for creating a schema field .
fetches the ( single ) package part which is defined as the supplied relation content type of the base container , or null if none found . - - - retrieve all relationships attached to this part which have the specified type .
set the given fields to the query
returns a string containing these bytes in hex .
this allows javax . mail . message creation without access to connection information in the caller ( see - - - the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined . the username defined . the username defined . the password defined . the password defined .
session to email message on the connection information which only available in this class . username defined . the username defined . the password
will prefix the clause with the given alias if the referenced property refers to a join alias .
set the value for each document . - - - writes next int type single - into forward index . writes the next int type single - into the forward index set the value for each document at the specified index to the specified value .
for a local cluster reference , the cluster handle is simply the unique cluster name .
gets an invitecode by the specified id .
lifts a to higher that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
lifts function to a higher that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component .
lifts a function4 to a higher function4 that operates monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
lifts a to higher that operates on monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
lifts a function5 to a higher function5 that operates monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
lifts a function6 to a higher function6 that operates monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
lifts a function to a lifted1 function1 that operates on monads .
lifts a function3 to a higher function3 that operates monads . - - - maps the components of this tuple using mapper function for each component
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter between two headings that contain only text .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a descendant of body with only in - line parents .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter inside a text node that is a direct child of body .
tests if the caret is placed inside a new paragraph after pressing enter between two headings that contain only text .
the location on ontario place should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario place .
sort components by the list of in and out connections that need to be made
return the geo gig that corresponds to the given repository name .
the node for object instantiation has a non - null type because new can never return null
primitive type variables are always refined to non - null .
if the date matches the key ( case - insensitive ) , the on key match instant is returned , otherwise the parsed instant is returned , taking the timezone offset into account .
gets the option corresponding to the current basemap _ source preference .
print and escape summary .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
the fraction is obtained using date time rule # convert int to fraction .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
see # append value ( date time rule , int ) for full details .
the argument should contain a list of addresses in format described in # write cluster address from ( string ) .
creates a derived file , adds it to the database and returns it .
delete empty parent .
get rollup order
release ports acquired for the given cluster specification .
the null event logger doesn ' t collect anything .
trigger a rebuild of the whole lucene index . - - - add error .
html special characters into their encodings used in html . - - - converts html special
find a principal for the given credential address
also adds all of the parent directories on the extraction path .
returns excerpts for any static excerpts added by this generator .
make faces of the region ( as if it was a cuboid if it ' s not ) .
get the list of channels in the group
checks if the block type is " natural "
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a parser exception as the correct java script error
create a parser exception as the correct java script error
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a type error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a uri error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a reference error ( ecma version )
create a syntax error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
create a range error ( ecma version )
determine whether the class descriptor ultimately inherits from java . lang . exception
this adds element content to this element .
returns the parent of this element or null if none .
this sets the content of the element .
sets the month displayed at the top of this view based on time .
fills the message instance with the content bodies ( text and html ) .
config to extract a resource file to a user directory , if it does not exist
uninstalls a single intent by id . - - - returns the intent with the specified identifier . returns the intent with the specified identifier . returns the key for this bi - link . returns the key for this bi - link . returns protocol - mandated contents if any . returns protocol - mandated contents if any .
clears network configuration for the specified subject class .
extracts the value of the element . key # label key from the list of arguments .
extracts the value of the element . key # id key from the list of arguments .
refreshes the list of recent query recent .
find the lowest dominating fixed with next node before given node .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
if a commit fails , it will be retried ( up to datastore writer fn # max _ retries times ) .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from the cloud datastore will be thrown .
allows for multiple queries against the same stream ( ) must be true to indicate that all the stream has been read . prints specified print writer
merges the given org . apache . lucene . index . merge state into this doc values consumer
get the memory needed in mb
moves initialization of the given field to the beginning of the first block of the given method .
builder pattern for the concept type property .
the date that the code was compiled .
as this is build - in connector it will return same version as rest of the
sqoop infrastructure .
retrieve connector version .
use # at least ( comparable ) for greater or equal comparison
use # is at most ( comparable ) for less or equal comparison
helper utility for function values wrapping multiple function values
helper utility for function values wrapping multiple function values
performs ocr on an image of a pokemon and sends the pulled info to poke fly to display .
handles a motion event # action _ move event .
handles a motion event # action _ down event .
executes the update query immediately , blocking till completion and returns reduce of counts of records affected .
returns the settings properties
set completed term offset field
return completed term offset field
just compares attribute and value index . - - - get the frequency of this item . get the value index for this item .
this cell is threadsafe , just like a spatial prefix grid is , although cells aren ' t generally threadsafe .
to sort the items retrieved from the rss contact / feed registered as contact
resizes the array .
asserts that two object arrays are equal .
this method creates a new in memory data source from a given collection .
the list data source creates a protective list copy of all the contents in the collection .
register the transformers for transforming from current to version management api version , including : use of the virtual _ nodes attribute was again allowed in version , with a value conversion applied
returns a command line that is constructed by appending the args to command line . - - - concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants . concatenate strings in a way compliant with the javadoc for java . lang . invoke . string concat factory # make concat with constants .
load a reconfigure configuration file . current file log a record ( should be a elkilog record ) a given log record convert truth value to bit .
reconfigure logging using a reconfigure file .
tests that , under protocol versions lesser that v4 , it is not possible to execute a prepared statement with unbound values .
note that we have to force protocol version v3 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
note that we have to force protocol version v3 because higher protocol versions would allow such unbound values to be sent .
test whether the argument is a java identifier
only year , month , day , and hour granularity are supported .
asks user to choose destination , then extracts file / directory to destination ( recursing on directories ) - - - loads a given sqlite driver , establishes a connection to a given database , and creates a statement for the connection . loads a given sqlite driver , establishes a connection to a given database , and creates a statement for the connection .
generates the xml representation for a name / value pair and adds it to the current file element . - - - an optional attribute value of the token . tokens which are not used as syntactic sugar will often contain meaningful values that will be used later on by the compiler or interpreter . this attribute value is often different from the image . any subclass of token that actually wants to return a non - null value can override this method as appropriate . prints a token to the output stream , followed by a system - specific newline . resets the cursor position .
splits a token around matches of the given separator .
returns the xml element name as byte array .
a shortcut for rest gateway ( rest gateway ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for async rest template ( async rest template ) . build ( ) .
a shortcut for rest template ( rest template ) . build ( ) .
similar as # set score ( boolean ) , but also sort by the score .
similar as # set track scores ( boolean ) , but also sort by the score .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
applies the @ literal record ids .
read messages from a stream within a specific range applying a limit .
applies the @ literal record ids .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from a stream within a specific range applying a limit in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
acknowledge record or more messages as processed .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
creates a new add stream record given map body .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
add stream message with given @ literal body to @ literal key .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a stream within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from read offset .
read messages from a map within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from a map within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a map within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a map within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
append one or more message to the stream key .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from a map within a specific range in reverse order .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
read messages from one or more stream offsets .
read messages from a map within a specific range .
read messages from one or more stream offsets using a consumer group .
constructs a parameter map object to contain the options as well as the operands at the end of the command .
extract parameters from uri and save it in parameter map obj - - - set a realm property . log a finer message . if the logger is currently enabled for the finer message level then the given message is forwarded to all the registered output handler objects . log a finer message . if the logger is currently enabled for the finer message level then the given message is forwarded to all the registered output handler objects .
get the usage - text of the command .
check if the variable , " skip param validation " is defined in the command class . the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will returned , not the abstract bean which corresponds to supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is . get a boolean from caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties
for example list - applications command references list - components command and you don ' t want to define the same params from the class that implements list - components . the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . returns the class element with the specified class name . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable class , the abstract bean class for the corresponding ejb is always returned ( even if there is a class object available for the persistence - capable ) . if there is an ejb name and an abstract bean class with the same name , the abstract bean class which is associated with the ejb will be returned , not the abstract bean class which corresponds to the supplied name ( directly ) . if the specified class name represents a persistence - capable key class name , the corresponding bean ' s key class is returned . get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties get a boolean from the caller ' s package ' s local strings . properties
get the param value .
checks if the param ( option ) value is defined on the command line ( url passed by the client ) by calling get parameter value method .
if param value is not given by the short name ( short option ) then if the default valu is defined .
get for the property with the specified key in this property list . attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns first . gets the properties of the provider . returns the parameter value as expected by the injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance , annotated with @ param or @ inject ) needs to be resolved .
the method returns null if the is not found . - - - get the first value from the set of attribute values , or null if the attribute has no values . this is a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values . the value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation first . gets the properties of the provider . get the first value from the set of attribute values , or attribute has no values . this a shorthand method that should be useful for single - valued attributes , but note that there are no guarantees about which value is returned in the case that there are multiple values value returned will be whichever value the underlying set implementation returns . gets the properties of the provider . returns the parameter as expected by injection code when a dependency injection annotated field or method ( for instance annotated with @ param @ inject ) needs to be resolved
factory bean
see # monitor value ( id , object , to double function ) .
see # monitor number ( id , number ) .
note : any potentially long running or expensive activity such as io should not be performed inline .
see # monitor number ( id , object , to double function ) for more information on gauges .
the registration will keep a weak reference to the collection so it will not prevent garbage collection .
note that calling java . util . map # size ( ) can be expensive for some collection implementations and should be considered before registering .
returns custom painter for the specified component .
process the . - - - called ( by default implementation of ' process ' ) when all fields validated , the was updated and it ' s data was allowed to be persisted it is meant for delegating further processing to clients . this implementation first finds out whether the form processing was triggered by a nested iform submitting component of this form . if that is the case , that component ' s on submit before / after form methods are called appropriately . . regardless of whether a submitting component was found , the form ' s on submit method is called next . used by form to tell the form component that a new user input is available returns single value for parameter with specified name . this method always returns non null result even if the parameter does not exist . dispatches event to registered dispatchers invoked when the editor was successfully updated . use this method e . g . to persist the changed value . this implementation displays the label and clears any window status that might have been set in on error . gets the form in which the view is nested , and on which the wizard buttons work . processes / manipulates a text resource . calls on error on this form and any enabled and visible nested form , if the respective form actually has errors . convenient and typesafe way to visit all the form components on a form . tests for files # remove java . io . file tests for files # remove ( java io file )
class c implements i public int m ( ) return 88 ;
test set instead followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead .
is required ' returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
encodes version of the client certificate message
create an instance of package kind repository
create an instance of role to nodes map
assume the plan is returned by a non - cascading evictor , check whether it is valid .
applies a list of transformers to the payload of the message .
payload of the . - - - applies a list transformers returning result of the transformation as a new instance if the list of transformers is empty or transformation would be redundant then the same message instances will be returned
payload of the . - - - applies a list transformers returning result of the transformation as a new instance if the list of transformers is empty or transformation would be redundant then the same message instances will be returned
uses a supplied string as the value to buffer the string with .
returns either the passed in as a string , or , if the is , an empty
unix - like operating systems , only if the system property " xdg " has been defined .
return the distance between this and .
return the distance between vector and .
return the distance between vector and ( x , y , z , w ) .
- items - item # = the suggested item at the specified index . - bottom = the container below the splitter . uiobject has an id property set , which allows it to integrate with third - party libraries and test tools complex widgets will also set the ids of their important sub - elements . if the main element already has an id , this method will override it . the id that you specify will be prefixed by the static string # debug _ id _ prefix . this method will be compiled out and will have no effect unless you inherit the debug id module in your gwt . xml file by adding the following line : & lt ; inherits name = " com . google . gwt . user . debug " / & gt ; third - party libraries and test tools . complex widgets will also set the ids of their important sub - elements . if the main element already has this method will override . the id that you specify will be prefixed by the static string # debug _ id _ prefix . this method will be compiled out will have no effect unless you inherit the debug id module in your gwt xml file by adding following line : & lt ; inherits name = " com google gwt . user . debug " / & gt ;
the meta - property for the info property .
whether wi fi has an active , usable connection .
whether there is any network with a usable connection .
checks that object literal class are valid .
on first invocation , check if the jar file has the class - path attribute .
the default implementation loads mapping files if defined , and the target classes if not defined .
adds a service of the given class to this application context .
sets a transcoder to transcode the decoded com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif drawable into another resource type .
returns the wrapped com . bumptech . glide . load . resource . gif . gif drawable resource if it exists , or null .
attempts to dequeue an output buffer from the decoder and , if successful , passes it to # process output buffer ( long ) . - - - dequeues the next output buffer from the decoder . called when an output buffer is successfully processed .
returns whether the current frame should be dropped .
wait for the connection to be established , returning true if everything went ok
the isis system created during # set up system ( ) .
creates default accounts with the specified currency
gets an instance of which represents the time of this object but without the zone offset .
returns the target this edge is connected to .
returns the id of this task .
returns an iterable of source providers , in the overlay order ( meaning that later providers override earlier providers when they redefine resources . )
indicates if any part of this tuner channel is contained within the minimum and maximum frequency values .
release the connection , not needed here since the connection is not associated with a connection . - - - asynchronously closes websocket session this will wait until all remaining messages have been sent to client and then close the
gets the correct client execution timeout taking into account precedence of the configuration in amazon web service request versus client configuration .
. - - - returns the value of the leaf of expr path , if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise . note that returning null does not necessarily mean the expression is not a constant . returns the value of the leaf of expr path , if it is determined to be a constant ( always evaluates to the same numeric value ) , and null otherwise . note that returning null does not necessarily mean the expression is not a constant .
checks whether a specified port is occupied . - - - closes the admin object and stops the timing thread .
because # init data measuremetns ( ) is usually called from on size changed it is good place to calculate max pie chart circle size .
creates an evidence object from the parameters and adds the resulting object to the collection .
test of analyze method , of class false positive analyzer .
this is a copy of internal settings preparer # prepare environment ( settings , terminal ) - - - adds the given item to the queue . the listener is notified once the item is processed adds the given item to the queue . the listener is notified once the item is processed
" zip " and " wsjar " are used by bea web logic server and ibm web sphere , respectively , but can be treated like jar files .
the same applies to " code - source " urls on oracle oc4 j , provided that the path contains a jar separator . - - - this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results . this implementation compares the to string ( ) results .
add this lists to all of the jobs - - - get the value of the column from the file . get the value of the column from the file .
this is equal to 1 - confidence level .
checks the precondition of the method invocation tree element invoked method element . - - - get processing environment . reports an error . reports a diagnostic message . by default , prints it to screen via the compiler ' s internal messager most clients should use # report or # report warning
adding returns the number of key / value pairs in this map .
handle a wrong _ epoch response from the server .
convert an integer value in miliseconds since the epoch to a timestamp value for use in a long column vector , which is represented in nanoseconds since the epoch .
attributes listed in @ session attributes and previously stored in the in the model at least once .
cleans " known " attributes from the session - i . e .
attributes listed in @ session attributes and previously stored in the in the model at least once .
non - blocking .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the exit directionality of a given char sequence is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this after the char sequence ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text or a number appearing after it inline with only neutral content in between .
returns a unicode bidi mark matching the context directionality ( lrm or rlm ) if either the overall or the entry directionality of a given char sequence is opposite to the context directionality .
putting this before the string ( including its directionality declaration wrapping ) prevents it from " sticking " to other opposite - directionality text appearing before it inline with only neutral content in between .
the begin start diagnostics operation begins an asynchronous operation to starta diagnostics session for the specified virtual network gateway in azure .
gets or sets the link of the template deployment .
gets or sets the template of the provisioning .
gets the parameters of resource providers needed for the deployment .
gets the mode of deployment dependencies .
gets or sets the template of the provisioning .
gets or sets the link of the template deployment .
gets the parameters of resource providers needed for the deployment .
gets the mode of deployment dependencies .
gets or sets the tags of the resource group .
gets or sets the provisioning state of the resource group .
optional .
gets or sets the location of the resource group .
optional .
gets or sets the location of the resource group .
represents all the operations for operating on azure sql data security policy .
finds the vaadin session to which this connector belongs .
the passed session if not null vaadin service session # get current ( ) if defined - - - gets the currently used ui . the current ui is automatically defined when processing requests to the server . in other cases , ( e . g . from background threads ) , the current ui is not automatically defined . the ui is stored using a weak reference to avoid leaking memory in case it is not explicitly cleared .
a standard workaround is to use vaadin session # get current ( ) to retrieve the application instance that the current request relates to .
report the single instance of this package , after creating it with default parameters if needed .
adds a pattern with the provided name and variant width to the possible patterns to show .
it is required to call one of the init ( ) methods before you can use the instance of this bean . - - - init called from implementations of this class . css class reader . sets the content of a resource . returns an initialized cms object with admin user permissions , running in the " / sites / default " site root . returns the open cms request context the current user this bean was initialized with . usage example on a jsp with the el : the current uri is : $ cms : vfs ( page context ) . request context . uri
the bean parent id property . - - - get the number keys stored in jsonobject
if successful , adds the new coordinate to the map and removes the corresponding psi element from the tree .
defines the @ configuration manager .
defaults to @ org . infinispan . globalstate . impl . embedded manager - - - defines the configuration storage strategy to use . if using configuration storage # custom , then the actual implementation must be passed by invoking # configuration storage supplier ( supplier ) returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition returns the attribute identified by the supplied attribute definition
if you want a synchronised way of establishing a broker connection , the following pattern : - - - get homie property ( which translates to an esh channel ) . sets the thing handler callback of the handler , which must be used to inform the framework about changes . the callback is added after the handler instance has been tracked by the framework and before # initialize ( ) is called . the callback is removed ( set to null ) after the handler instance is no longer tracked and after # dispose ( ) is called . this method traverses over all elements in the registry and calls the consumer with the provider of the element as the first parameter and the element as the second argument . the traversal over the elements is done while holding a lock for the respective internal collections . if you use this method , please ensure not execution time consuming stuff as it will block any other usage of that collections . you should also not call third party code that could e . g . access the registry itself again . this could lead to a dead lock and hard finding bugs . the # all ( ) and # stream ( ) method will operate on copy and so no lock is hold . connects a device . this is asynchronous method once connection state is updated , bluetooth device listener . on connection state method will be called with the connection state . if the device is already connected this will return false . schedules provided job instance cancels timer
update the latest block access time . - - - notifies the block store that a block was accessed so the block store could update accordingly the registered listeners such as evictor and allocator block access . notifies block store that a block was accessed so could update accordingly the registered listeners such as evictor and allocator on
this is a very basic algorithm for creating a match rating for two classes .
if there a super class , that will get matched using the above criteria
converts payload , which is a partial xml document , to a strign that represents a valid xml document . - - - uses org . mule . runtime . api . transformation . transformation service to get representation of a message for a given class
returns whether the given property path model can be considered referring an entity .
gets the sequence of storage account .
validate that deployment properties doesn ' t have keys not starting with either app .
returns the apc request processor .
reference of the change .
create the resulting full beam inter line , one for each good item . . overridden so that all interpretations keep . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id higher id insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id .
nota : for beams whose width lies between min beam width and max hook width , we should create both interpretations . - - - test of index of method , of class broken line . test of index of method , of class broken line . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . ( debug ) assigns the vip flag overridden so that all interpretations keep a pointer to their hosting sig . insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters , unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists . always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id insert an exclusion relation between two provided inters unless there is a support relation between them or unless an exclusion already exists nota : we always insert exclusion from lower id to higher id
if temp list is > 0 , returns it .
this implementation returns the passed - in description , if any .
indicates if this identity is granted with a role with the given .
recursively print nodes at a particular depth in the tree .
this method has to be called during the creation of the activity / fragment , useful also after a screen rotation .
show modal window with default title show / download resource at client side show / download resource at client side
converts the given node to a source
emit subclasses can override to add any additional methods
called when emitting constructors for the generated model class .
calls plugin # before emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # after emit schema ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # emit constructors ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins - - - calls plugin # emit constructors ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
calls plugin # calls plugin # before emit methods ( java file writer ) on all the bundled plugins
removes listener from event .
servlet user requested user user id - depends on the masquerade mode next url status message - set to null error - set to false
sets the permissions for locations created by this appender .
if not set , use service instance # get service endpoint ( ) ( default behavior ) .
insert or a delete . . . - - - a signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the main document . this must be zero , 1 , or greater . a signed integer that specifies the count cps in the comment subdocument . this value must be zero , 1 , or greater . signed integer that specifies the count of cps in the endnote subdocument this value must be zero , 1 , or greater footnote subdocument header
builds the media route provider descriptor media route provider descriptor .
unzips dir name + " . zip " - - > dir name , removing dir name first
sets the primary action .
a mixture of icons and tappable icons is not permitted .
if an icon has already been added , this will throw an illegal argument exception .
adds a tappable icon to be displayed at the end of the row .
a mixture of icons and tappable icons is not permitted .
this template . - - - set the and color action row . adds an action to this list builder . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list these actions may appear differently on slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these will be displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be shown first action
these actions may be shown on the in large or small formats . - - - set the actions and color for this action row . adds an action to this list builder . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list template . these actions appear differently on the slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these actions will displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be first
action builder , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a priority may be shown first . - - - set the actions and color for this action row . adds an action to this list . actions added with this method are grouped together on the list template . these actions appear differently on the slice depending on how the androidx . slice . widget . slice view is configured . generally these actions will displayed in the order they were added , however , if not all actions can be displayed then actions with a higher priority may be
- means that after each message sending , sender thread will sleep for milliseconds ; - is number of messages to send ; ; - pop - up protocol debugger ;
return message type field
set message type field
test of test size method , of class bounding box test .
test of test scale method , of class bounding box test .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
this will set the a range for this default color space . sets the singleton font mapper instance . this standard java object to a cos object . sets sets the singleton font mapper instance . will set an item in the dictionary if value is null then result will be the same as remove item ( key ) this will set an item in dictionary if value is null then the result be the same as remove ( key )
browser mob proxy server - - - logs info message using message pattern and incoming parameters . start create timer to track iperformance operation action extra key
return the window event associated with this callback .
add the event into the window event table
define a custom recycler view which will be used in the drawer note : this is not recommended
should be mainly used only for testing purposes or when only store based operations will be performed
get id of global latest block .
save id of global latest block .
returns an instance of the service dispatcher associated with this delegator .
returns a module finder that is the equivalent to composing two module finders .
the # find all ( ) find all method of the resulting module finder will locate all modules located by the first module finder .
test module finder . empty
test module finder . of with no entries
initialize .
check that and msg id is in the valid range .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the msg length field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the msg type field begins .
the offset from the beginning of a record at which the encoded msg begins .
store transactions into the local storage .
the added neighbors will be removed the screen . this method allows us to were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from
add the neighbors to your config file or supply them in the - n command line option if you want to keep them after restart . . gets all neighbors the neighbor router currently sees as either connected or from from creates a new were addresses spent from creates a new were addresses spent from
as opposed to # span wrap with known dir , this makes use of unicode bidi formatting characters . - - - appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
if isolate , directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings . - - - appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
the default behavior of # span wrap and its variations is set to avoid span wrapping unless there ' s a reason ( ' dir ' attribute should be appended ) .
if isolate , directionally isolates the string so that it does not garble its surroundings .
learns a gradient tree boosting for the regression .
learns a gradient tree boosting for classification .
learns a gradient tree boosting .
learns a random forest for regression .
learns a random forest for classification .
learns a random forest for regression .
learns a random forest .
learns a gradient tree boosting .
an object representing a bind marker ( a question mark ) .
ensures that last builder exist .
returns generated java class for a schema . - - - construct a schema from json text . if this is a record , enum or fixed , returns its namespace , if any .
returns generated interface for a protocol .
gets this entity ' s location .
gets the entity ' s previous location .
sets this entity ' s location .
build a new rollup file using the current time as the current timestamp .
retrieve the timestamp associated with this file .
stop the current alluxio cluster .
kill alluxio master by ' kill - 9 ' command .
only precise fields in the period type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
converts this period to a time period instance specifying a period type to control how the period is split into fields .
the exact impact of this method is determined by the period type .
only precise fields in the period type will be used and the calculation will use utc .
if the period type is precise all then all fields can be set .
if the period type is all then the years and months fields will remain as zero , with the period allocated to the weeks and days fields .
converts the period of the interval to a time period using the specified period type .
validates a period type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
validates a period type , converting nulls to a default value and checking the type is suitable for this instance .
creates a new time period instance with the same field values but different period type .
creates a new time period instance with the same millisecond duration but different period type .
selects a suitable period type for the given object .
selects a suitable period type for the given object .
selects a suitable period type for the given object . duration unit of the field . gets the type , which is years
test constructor ( period type )
test constructor ( object , period type )
callback for when the operation represented by the channel future is done . - - - the error thrown ( generally on the server ) while processing this request the error thrown ( generally on the server ) while processing this request
this method is used for getting the list with config description parameters defining meta info for configuration properties of the rule .
this method is used to get the module participating in rule
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this type .
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of outputs defined by this type .
this method is used for getting the actions of the composite action type .
this method is used for getting the triggers of the composite trigger type .
this method is used for getting the meta - information descriptions of inputs defined by this condition type .
this method is used for getting visibility of the module type .
returns the sort specification parsed from the source .
use the specified camera id to scan barcodes .
when in fragment pane to show the given fragment . - - - user friendly title for the given screen lock type . ui like wifi dialog overrides set title
promote the unsigned int into a signed long .
promote the unsigned int into a big . - - - returns one - point interval you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . returns a one point interval . you cannot obtain an empty interval with this factory method . use intervals # empty _ interval instead . return t1 t2 ( aka subtract )
promote the unsigned short into a signed int .
randomizes ( shuffles ) the data array in place .
finds the e with the highest priority , removes it , and returns it .
finds the e with the highest priority and returns it , without modifying the queue .
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element entry downwards .
and reads them into a tree map ( insertion order preserving )
return the nu parameter for a pair of time to expiry and instrument tenor . - - - computes the z - value for the specified pair of x - value and y - value . computes the z - value for the specified pair of x - value and y - value .
not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . tests the volatility computations .
. - - - calculates the present value trade the result is expressed using the currency of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . returns a new trade report . par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the currency . calculates the tenor swap based on its start date and end date . gets the pay receive . tests the price for options in sabr model with extrapolation . returns a new report
computes the currency exposure of the swaption amount .
. - - - calculates the present value trade the result is expressed using the currency of the swaption . validates that the rates and volatilities providers are coherent and that the swaption is single currency physical . returns a new trade report . par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the underlying leg pricer . calculates the tenor swap based on its start date and end date . gets the pay receive . returns a decimal value that is positive . returns a new report
not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . calculates the par rate of the swap trade . the par rate is the rate for which the swap present value is 0 . gets the underlying leg pricer . gets the underlying leg pricer . calculates the tenor of the swap based on its start date and end date . tests the volatility computations .
handler a request .
if context relative context is set , the redirect value will be the value after the request context path .
converts list of strings to array of strings .
converts set of something to unmodifiable nullable set .
converts varargs of string to list .
because google tasks api does not return etags for every list , if there is a change we ' ll have to check each individually .
returns true if element is a metal ( this list needs to be expanded ) . - - - returns true if element type is a metal .
" yyy mmdd " for # period _ day " yyy mm " for # period _ month
test for the stats util # get period as int ( java . util . date , int ) - - - computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month . computes an integer representation of the passed date using the following format : " yyy mmdd " for period type # day " yyy mm " for period type # month .
create correlation context matcher according the configuration .
creates a hash multimap of the given list of key - value pairs .
returns an hash multimap containing n values supplied by a given supplier s .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
creates a hash multimap of the given entries .
returns an array of available languages as language codes ( " en " , " fr " , " pt _ br " . . . ) .
returns the cc compilation info for the toolchain .
returns merged cc compilation info for the whole lipo subtree .
increment the number of bytes that have been allocated to service this request and potentially trigger a circuit exception .
attempts to merge this ranged uri with another .
a merge is successful if both instances define the same uri , and if one starte the byte after the other ends , forming a contiguous region with no overlap .
returns the uri represented by the instance as a string .
returns the uri represented by the instance .
all steps must be added before # start ( ) is called .
get the path to a file - name in the peergos _ path
returns the local preferences for this agent .
this utility method will convert a jts envelope to contraints that can be used in a geo wave query .
sets the currency defining how calculation results should be reported .
the meta - property for the reporting currency property .
creates an instance specifying all the currency .
gets the currency defining how calculation results should be reported .
gets the reporting rules that apply to this column in addition to the default rules . - - - returns a success result containing the value if it is non - null , else returns a failure result with a reason of failure reason # missing _ data and message to say an unexpected null was found . this is useful for interoperability with apis that can return null but where null is not expected .
returns a column that contains the specified measure default calculation rules . - - - returns a builder used to create an instance of the bean . checks that the argument is non null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non null . for example , in a constructor : this . name = arg checker . not null ( name , " name " ) ; checks that the specified argument is non null . given the input argument , this only if it is non - null . for example , in constructor : this name = arg checker . not ( name "
returns the measure
the meta - property for the name property .
returns the natural currency for the specified target .
this is normally the ' natural ' currency for the trade , for example the currency of a fra or the base currency of an fx forward .
the default reporting currency is taken from the function .
generate image into the target path .
cleans up this realm ' s implicitly created cache . - - - default no - op implementation that can be overridden by subclasses for custom cleanup behavior . default no - op implementation that can be overridden by subclasses for custom cleanup behavior .
returns the platform for the arch .
increment the metadata version for the given key ( cluster or store )
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the caller ' s class , and installs it on the caller .
simplified version of register bootstrap method for self - registration , to be called from a static initializer .
finds a static method of the required type in the given class , and installs it on the caller .
register a bootstrap method to use when linking a given caller class .
the given class already has a bootstrap method from a previous call to this method .
the given class is already fully initialized .
the given class is in the process of initialization , in another thread .
report the bootstrap method registered for a given class .
create a lookup on the specified class .
the type of the method handle will be that of the method , with the receiver type ( refc ) prepended .
add filters to the filter chain .
get a mutable reference to the filter chain .
determine if the specified user is this user .
formats the \ @ manual tag , prepending the tag header to the tag content .
poll the input q for content or eof . - - - callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes . callback invoked when the operation completes .
consumed content and non eof sentinel contents are removed .
executes the . - - - binds a variable . executes a command and returns result serializes the specified value to the specified string builder . prints string to standard error if the prop # debug flag is set initializes the tests . parses the specified module .
checks if any of the resources which start with the given query . . binds a variable . executes a command
writes an integer value to the specified position . writes an integer value to the specified position .
writes the specified xml node and all its sub nodes to the specified output stream . - - - returns the number of items stored in the value .
set default line arguments which will be used in addition to those specified to the run methods .
provides the number of items currently displayed of a certain types .
runs the rest code .
return a deserializer object corresponding to the desc . - - - return a deserializer . public api of java . util . properties initialize tprotocol
see # get default coder ( type descriptor ) .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
see # get output type descriptor for more discussion .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the input type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the output type of this do fn with context instance ' s most - derived class .
the type descriptor argument allows specification of generic types .
for example , a list return type can be specified as of type ( new type descriptor > ( ) ) .
returns a type descriptor capturing what is known statically about the type of this tuple tag instance ' s most - derived class .
sets the type descriptor associated with this class .
returns a type descriptor with some reflective information about t , if possible .
gets the extended enum lookup from name to instance .
find latest build tools revision with compatible major version number .
returns all fields annotated with @ optional .
returns the resource type ids .
object must implement serializable .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function0 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function1 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function2 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function3 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function4 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function5 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function6 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function7 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a checked function8 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function0 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function1 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function2 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function3 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function4 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function5 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function6 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function7 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
lifts a method reference or a lambda expression to a function8 .
caution : reflection loses type information of lifted lambda reference .
returns the old system channel .
returns the old mobile status .
returns whether or not a nitro subscription used to be active before .
returns the old phone number or null if no phone number was previously set .
sets the intent uri of the link for the preview video .
the name is built from a prefix , shard template ( with shard numbers applied ) , and a suffix . - - - returns the resource id that represents the current directory of this resource id . if it is already a directory , trivially returns this . resolve the field access descriptor against a schema . resolve will resolve all of the field names into field ids , validating that all field names specified in the descriptor exist in the actual schema .
the given prefix can reference any file system on the classpath .
return the current database system version .
update the schema version of the concourse server installation to that of this upgrade task . - - - put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position .
return the current buffer system version .
return the current system version .
called when the state of the api changes .
get the adapter to use to adapt from the given reactive type .
in case an optional requested update is specified , the production consumption returned also includes an estimated resources share of that update as if it was already in progress . - - - puts a new key / value pair . creates a snapshot from the contents of storage . filters bag resources by predicate .
save the " instant upload path " on preferences
save the " instant video upload path " on preferences
checks that the modification time of the given index file is after the modification time of the given feature file .
string representation of the points .
returns a map of entities parsed by this resolver .
add custom custom to filter based on custom criteria of source sources .
the given predicate must always return the same result for a source instance otherwise the behavior is undefined .
return the options recalculate cpu constant .
set the access tier value .
get the access tier value .
set the sku value .
set the encryption encryption value .
set the creation time value .
set the access tier value .
set the access tier value .
check all table .
manages retention for all tables .
returns the search result list .
returns the number of search results found .
a new param is emitted whenever ` pagination subject ` emits .
thrown when failing to create an element after several attempts
encode an iterator on the input for the single input table associated with this job . the thread started by default file monitor is a daemon thread concatenates byte arrays with 0x00 as a delimiter set the element at the specified index , and return the old value
restricts the columns that will be mapped over for the single input table on this job .
sets the input ranges to scan on all input tables for this job . - - - push a mutation into a table . if table is null , the default table will be used . if output format builder # create tables ( ) is set , the table will be created if it does not exist . the table name must only contain alphanumerics and underscore .
these operations will just trigger when in maintenance hours is set to true .
get a string dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree - - - write a text dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree write a text dump of all the ephemerals in the datatree
make the shard primary unless it ' s not primary todo : doc exception
get the sequence numbers for uids ranging from start till end .
set ballerina ballerina file to be executed in run _ file mode .
get ballerina ballerina file to be executed in run _ file mode .
this can be used as a queue if you know the order of your requests deone .
terminates the halted execution represented by this event .
gets the primary block .
sorts the specified sort of the specified array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending sort .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending sort .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified char of the specified array into ascending order .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending sort .
the range to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive .
sorts the specified range of the specified array into ascending order . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
the range of to be sorted extends from the index from index , inclusive , to the index to index , exclusive . - - - sorts all the elements of the given array using the fork join framework
specifically , md5 check should be skipped if one of the following conditions are true : - - - returns the optional customer - provided server - side encryption key to use to encrypt the uploaded object .
the request is a put object operation that involves sse - kms
specifically , client side should be skipped if one of the following conditions are true :
the request is an upload - part operation that involves sse - c
create a new plugin result and send it back to java script
if the file with the name # default exists , the configuration reads the properties from this file . - - - filter info logging . load persistent components from input stream . load persistent components from input stream . adds a message to the buffer . filter info logging . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header . stores the configuration to a stream using a given header . adds a message to the buffer .
store the specified file with the specified header .
store the configuration in the specified file .
load the properties from the specified configuration file . - - - adds a message to the buffer . load persistent components from input stream . load persistent components from input stream .
checks if an annotation is enabled or disabled via configuration options .
removes listener from event .
request r1 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 listeners to be notified : e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
request r2 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 listeners to be notified : e2 . listeners + e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
request r3 send = > conversation . set response listener ( null ) exchanges in conversation : e1 + e2 + e3 listeners to be notified : e3 . listeners + e1 . listeners - - - array to list . works like arrays # as list ( object . . . ) , but handles null arrays .
map a list of field contents to fields of the target object type .
returns the call panel corresponding to the given call .
if the call has been finished and no active call container could be found it returns null .
returns an collection over a list of all currently active calls .
returns the parent call container , where this renderer is contained .
returns the parent call panel , where this renderer is contained .
produces the basic iterable on refs based on the current query .
used to generate all other iterables .
might be a keys only query .
walks superclass and interface graph , superclasses first , then interfaces , to compute an ancestry list .
supertypes are visited left to right .
indicates if a target restlet instance or class has been attached .
default implementation for all the handle ( ) methods that simply calls the next restlet handle ( ) method .
attaches the root restlet that will receive all incoming calls .
parses the poa section of the jdk orb subsystem configuration .
expires entries on the access - order queue and returns if the cache was modified .
returns if the entry is eligible for a fast path read .
evicts entries if the cache exceeds the maximum returns if the cache was modified .
expires entries on the write - order queue and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the weak key references queue and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the write buffer and returns if the cache was modified .
drains the weak / soft value references queue and returns if the cache was modified .
get id of the node where parent task of the job has originated .
sets of the node where parent task of the job has originated .
note that the return value is based on the estimate of the bytes written to the compressor , which may not be accurate if compression is really used .
parses an entity url into an entity view object
sets the swagger parameter allow multiple flag .
reads the input stream in memory specifying the total bytes to read .
this is more efficient than # from input stream ( input stream ) because allocation is made once .
returns a wadl description of the given method . - - - sets the value of the " name " attribute . sets the input to the method . sets the handled response . sets the value of the " path " attribute . inserts all of the elements in the specified collection into this list at the specified position . sorts the given list of methods by name . returns the value of the " name " attribute . returns a wadl description of the given method . sets the jaxp transformer parameters .
represents the resource as a wadl description .
set database type - - - set db port set firewall port set bequeath method set via firewall set db port set db port
this is an quasi - intermediate operation .
loads properties if necessary .
handle an write _ ok message .
initializes mock / spies dependencies for objects annotated with @ inject mocks for given test class .
unit test for root package generation
create a grouped list helper from a collection of element , all put in the same group .
appends the list constructed in helper to this list . - - - add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . returns the number of variables . returns the number of variables .
retrieve packed int data from the data input and return a packed int structure based on it .
accepts the strings stateless or stateful .
this method is a default implementation for the invoke method given in invocationhandler .
it is better to overwrite the invoke custom method where the object related methods are filtered out .
gets the instance of feedback messages model to use .
creates a modified call in which the first argument if replaced by arg1 .
this is , for example , to support hidden internal functions . make lazy .
checks ps by flag equality .
calls the a method on the server
set name of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get name of backend pool of application gateway to which probe request will be sent .
get settings of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set settings of backend http setting of application gateway to be used for test probe .
set gets the provisioning state of the public ip resource .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , and ' failed ' .
get gets the provisioning state of the public ip resource .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' deleting ' , and ' failed ' .
possible values are : ' updating ' , ' succeeded ' , and ' failed ' .
stops the watcher service and it ' s subservices . - - - logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # trace trace level . return the information about this node . return the information about this node . stop simple kdc server stop simple kdc server pause the execution of the watcher executor , and empty the state . pausing means , that no new watch executions will be done unless this pausing is explicitly unset . this is important when watcher is stopped , so that scheduled watches do not accidentally get executed . this should not be used when we need to reload watcher based on some cluster state changes , then just calling # clear executions and queue ( runnable ) is the way to go stop execution of watches on this node , do not try to reload anything , but still allow manual watch execution , i . e . via the execute watch api sets a counter . this ensures that the counter is there , even though it is never incremented . logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # debug debug level . logs a message with parameters at the org . elasticsearch . logging . level # debug debug level . sets a counter . this ensures that the counter is there , even though it is never incremented . prints a formatted error message
gets a list of types depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
sync this file out to disk .
decodes the url using java . net . urldecoder # decode ( string , string ) with the encoding specified in the configuration . - - - decode an url formatted string . decode an url formatted string .
returns the modifiable list of client ip addresses .
returns a new path with the given path name .
processes a packet after it ' s been fully parsed by looping through the installed packet collectors and letting them examine the packet to see if they are a match .
fetch element the slow way , as a buffered string or null if missing .
attempts to parse the provided value string as a uuid into hash value in two longs .
warning : as written , this method does modify the state of the passed in buffered string .
return an insufficient capacity exception
record the fact that a trigger call has failed to install into bytecode associated with a specific method class and loader
pre authenticated granted authorities retriever implementation as returned by the token . get details ( ) method . - - - get the list of authorities for the user .
if the specified authentication details class implements the pre authenticated granted authorities setter , a list of pre - authenticated granted authorities will be set based on the j2 ee roles for the current user .
creates a athenz tenant .
defines encryption implementation which performs vice versa value encryption operations .
default value is encryption # no _ op
add value to list of value in the map .
creates a new list if it doesn ' t exist for the key
returns true if double number can be represented as a long .
in this scenario the next fetch will take place at the offset of the failed batch .
default implementation returns false , as support can not be implemented generically .
gte an arbitrary property value . - - - maps the specified key to the specified value in this table . neither the key nor the value can be null . the value can be retrieved by calling the get method with a key that is equal to the original key .
get base nuls module object
returns the indexed identifier
do some runner setup : check that the direct runner is not used in conjunction with streaming , and if streaming is specified , use the dataflow pipeline runner .
create a test pipeline that uses the dataflow pipeline runner so that group by key is not expanded .
returns next token .
init all value fttrees , for iterative traversal .
publishes the event to the registered event listener instance .
removes the client for the given connection id .
called when it ' s ready to load accounts from config holder # config .
gets the menu service used to execute this menu ' s linked module .
create a thread - backed delayed write - action .
report the folder defined for output / saved files
claiming the next batch sequence numbers for publishing .
construct a new redis async connection impl .
can be overridden in order to construct a subclass of redis async connection impl
returns temporary storage directory for data source snapshots
returns temporary storage directory for data source snapshots
checks if the specified offset is valid for this transition .
is the offset information for the local date - time a transition .
a transition may be a gap or overlap and is normally caused by daylight savings cutover .
gets information about any transition in the local time - line .
produce a string for a given class object .
for example , a string array will have the formatted name " java . lang . string ] " - - - append the provided value append the provided value return name of the extension ( never null ) or empty
reads the configuration from context and creates the appropriate meta - data structures .
render a list definition - - - appends the string evaluation of this expression with the given value
returns average record size .
copies a file to folder with specified copy settings .
download resource from url .
binds a validator to an error after validation fails .
closes the dialog .
refreshes the update panel .
test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
get the string resource for the given combination of component , key , locale and style . - - - pushes a binary message to the client . see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . pushes a binary message to the client . get direct access to all values from the properties file . registers an debug feedback message for this session retrieves a string by key . registers an debug feedback message for this session see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . gets the substring after the first occurrence given char .
the information is obtained from a resource bundle associated with the provided component instance ( or one of its parent containers or one of its parent classes ) . - - - pushes a binary message to the client . see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . pushes a binary message to the client . get direct access to all values from the properties file . registers an debug feedback message for this session retrieves a string by key . registers an debug feedback message for this session see javax . websocket . session # get id ( ) gets any parent container , or null if there is none . gets the substring after the first occurrence given char .
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ?
returns the number of favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the favorite sites where user id = ? - - - returns an ordered range of all the tasks entries where group id = & # 63 ; and user id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end - start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from tasks entry model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have an order by clause and the returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order .
id = ? . - - - returns an ordered range of all the tasks entries where group id = & # 63 ; user id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from tasks entry model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have order by clause and returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the last favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the first favorite site in the ordered set where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns a range of all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ? .
removes all the favorite sites where group id = ?
and user id = ?
returns the favorite sites before and after the current favorite site in the ordered set where user id = ?
and user id = ? .
returns the number of favorite sites where user id = ?
and user id = ? .
load configuration if present , and configure the graph with dynamic updaters .
dissociate a router id from the corresponding graph object , and disable that router id for use in routing .
retrieves the public key for a user .
returns the fully qualified index including a remote cluster alias if applicable
by default resource resolver is configured .
determine what the namespace uri for this vocabulary is
link staticness # fully _ static .
looks for all resources and providers declared as inner classes of the subclass of this class and adds them to the returned resource config .
test of get averages by threads method , of class dot chart colored row .
close ui _ buffer if open , removing it from both pointers and fragments .
returns an infinite iterator over generated entries .
a factory method , that generates a sort field instance for sorting trie encoded values .
returns a schema type .
obtains the resolved underlying swap .
at the same time , we also parse the error message to decide whether going to the next step .
output the sql type for a java object .
gets an instance of representing the current time of day .
s the time to live for documents in the collection
revoke a privilege on table from user or role .
grant a privilege on table to user or role .
this method specifies if the import should include turn costs if available
maps full class names to their serializers .
the method first looks up any explicitly registered file extensions first and then falls back on jaf if available .
get a list of data source processors that can process the data source of interest .
local disk , local files , and archive dsp are removed from the list .
returns the current timestamp with microsecond precision via a system call to gettimeofday .
tests that if there is no elresolver a coercions will be invoked .
example - metric name - " io . statistics . primary _ key _ idx . pages count " . - - - calculate the index of the first occurrence of the pattern in the byte array , starting with the given index . this methods returns - 1 if the pattern has not been found , and the start position if the pattern is empty . calculate the index of the first occurrence of the pattern in the byte array , starting with the given index . this methods returns - 1 if the pattern has not been found , and the start position if the pattern is empty .
drops all objects ( tables , views , procedures , triggers , . . . ) in the current schema .
builds the drop statements for database objects .
generate the statements for dropping all the objects of this type in the current schema .
cleans the routines in this schema .
cleans the views in this schema .
cleans the tables in this schema .
sets the tool class .
returns the left side bearing of the specified character .
the left side bearing is calculated from the passed in font metrics .
enables the # use content merge checkbox if the selected submit type allows the usage of content merge . - - - update the bar ' s percent completion .
reads all posed tasks of a owner in a project .
parse the specified readable .
computes a metric identified by its code on a class ast node , possibly selecting a variant with the
add the given mbean to the collected meta - data - - - add information about an mbean as obtained from an mbean info descriptor . the information added can be restricted by a given path ( which has already be prepared as a stack ) . also , a max depth as given in the constructor restricts the size of the map from the top . add an exception which occurred during extraction of an mbean info for a certain object name to this map . add an exception which occurred during extraction of an mbean info for a certain object name to this map .
accept the request do nothing with it but write the flush acknowledgement to # get process out stream ( )
parses provided content using html . - - - parses content lagarto and lagarto parsing processor
parses conditional comment start .
returns feedback messages filter to use for this feedback panel .
returns the hacky static - injected soy file set factory containing bindings from whichever injector happened to install soy module first .
returns the integer value .
visits an html close tag node , which occurs when an html tag is closed .
the difficulty is because soy proto type impl . value currently depends on its soy type for field interpretation .
returns this soy file ' s name ( null if not supplied ) .
returns the original source string for the param type .
may be null if unavailable .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration .
build a computation graph from this keras model configuration weights . - - - this method starts parameter server instance please note : this method is blocking for first caller only helper function to import weights from nested map into existing model . depends critically on matched layer and parameter names . in general this seems to be straightforward for most models and layers ordered , but there may be edge cases
context call graph - - to " true " . if the key " name " is not in options , the given default value is returned . if key " name " is in options , this method returns true iff
search for all # yaml _ files _ pattern in provided base path
instantiate an object of user ' s program class and call # run user program ( object ) to run it
can ' t seek past the end of the file .
replaces instances of a . to string ( ) with arrays . to string ( a )
creates the temp directory to use for the plugin registry .
returns the big integer of this duration in nanoseconds .
please make sure to use a map implementation that iterated the filter mapping in the order of addition such as linked hash map .
setup our message bundle reflectively , so we can compile against both jdk6 and jdk7 .
concatenates two paths using normal command line style rules .
javabean tester cluster stats .
if the corresponding type is a component type , then apply # replace associations accross the component subtypes but do not replace the component value itself . - - - get the types of the component properties apply the type # replace operation across a series of values , as long as the corresponding type is an association . if the corresponding type is a component type , then apply type # replace across the component subtypes but do not replace the component value itself . during merge , replace the existing ( target ) value in the entity we are merging to with a new ( original ) value from the detached entity we are merging . for immutable objects , or null values , it is safe to simply return the first parameter . for mutable objects , it is safe to return a copy of the first parameter . for objects with component values , it might make sense to recursively replace component values .
get a sequentially sub range list from the available range list , all the values in the sub range are bigger than base value .
simalar to nested @ see traversable # combine ( bi predicate , binary operator ) but differs in that the take one comparison is always to nested the monoid zero - - - lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function lazily combine this single with the supplied single via the supplied bi function
this allows us to nested terminate with just a single unsafe value
creates a replica instance . a boolean indicating whether event consumer needs to be registered . invokes await on barrier , waiting until the given timeout
once closed this method will return without invoking the agent .
creates a packet out stream that writes to a list of replicated data servers .
answer an iterator over the members of a container . - - - return the next statement of the iteration . transaction close happens after commit / abort read transactions " auto commit " on close ( ) . write transactions must call abort or commit . transaction close happens after commit / abort read transactions " auto commit " on close ( ) . write transactions must call abort or commit . executes the find with permissions executes the find with permissions
test set instead followed by the 1st , followed by the 2nd , etc . ( or , if min ! = 0 , the min - th item is the most popular , the min + 1th item the next most popular , etc . ) if you want the popular items scattered throughout the item space , use scrambled zipfian generator instead .
advances the position the current comment . - - - returns the index of the given value , or - 1 if the value does not appear in the list . this will do a binary search if the list sorted a linear search
the meta - property for the currency property .
roll back to the savepoint that is held for the transaction .
returns class of exception that this filter will handle
get the user type associated with an image processor
get the user type associated with an image plus .
object which wish to receive events must be annotated with the subscribe annotation .
tests that the apply method of the is only called once per value with each build call .
the worker is considered to be valid when its files have not changed on disk combined and its process is still alive . host is true , in which case the output directory is named " host " . see also # get output directory name . returns the - dependent string for this configuration . this also the name of the configuration ' s base output directory unless # is host configuration is add certain elements from given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . appends lines of text to the path . copies an entry to the assigned output files . called each entry in the input files
for package names which include multiple dots , the dots are removed .
so for example a spring version of version is converted to version so you can assert that its > = version ( so above version and less than version etc ) .
removes a given scorer from the heap by placing end of heap at that position
create class for computing the image gradient from an integral image in a sparse fashion .
this is done by ( murmur3 ) hashing it with values of new object ( ) . hash code ( ) :
need to check only grid gain hadoop and ggfs classes .
tests attempting to acquire a lock with a timeout .
utility method to get a string short report line report from reporter
handovers the query , so it can be used by other shared group ( in different thread )
this method is called by the game to set the bullet status . ) returns the power of this bullet . the damage you take in fact , already took is 4 power , plus 2 ( power - 1 ) if power gt 1 . robot that fired the bullet receives 3 back
fetches the currently visible chunks ( in sight of the player ) .
takes focus from current focused widget ( if any ) , and sets current focused widget to provided widget
get the response that this task finished with .
convert # get response ( ) from xcontent to a map for easy processing .
idf ( doc freq , searcher . doc count doc ( ) ) ;
in addition , collection statistics # doc count doc ( ) is more efficient to compute
if there is no session , no action is taken unless the always create session transfer attributes is set , in which case a session will be created if one doesn ' t already exist . events to be published , you should call super . on session change ( ) within your overriding method .
loads file , invokes code completion at marker and returns resulting completion variants as strings .
creates new local group with provided name
build a status response . .
adds the given directories to the loose include directories that are only allowed to be referenced when headers checking is headers checking mode # loose or
file name is . / demo / food mart data . sql
this functions returns the list of preferred coordinators .
enables the apply button .
this is set in the . - - - return the value of a given key from the list , returning def value string should the base
intended to be used when moving hdfs connector out of driver config to its own connector .
if not , throws a no android sdk exception .
same as await ( 1 , time unit . seconds ) . - - - waits until all evaluate blocks have completed or the specified timeout expires . if one of the evaluate blocks throws an exception , it is rethrown from this method . waits until all evaluate blocks have completed or the specified timeout expires . if one of the evaluate blocks throws an exception , it is rethrown from this method .
sets the timeout until which the conditions have to be satisfied .
defaults to five seconds .
sets the initial delay before first evaluating the conditions .
repeatedly evaluates the specified conditions until they are satisfied or the specified timeout has elapsed .
sets the delay between successive evaluations of the conditions .
defaults to one second .
alias for # within ( double , groovy . lang . closure ) .
gets the currency pair on which the underlying fx .
the meta - property for the currency pair property .
sets the currency pair property in the builder . ;
get pricing .
set aufschlag auf standardpreis system .
set standardpreis fixed .
get %UNK% .
set the id of the owner bean .
populate set of type qualifier values to when values for given annotated object , taking into account annotations applied to outer scopes ( e . g . , enclosing classes and packages . )
populate a set of type qualifier values to when values representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given
populate a set of type qualifier values to when values representing directly - applied type qualifier annotations on given method parameter .
resolve a raw annotation value into a type qualifier value / when pair , using given set to remember previously resolved instances .
resets the loader ready to read a new data set - - - set the value of database url . sets the database url . set the database username . sets the user . sets the password . sets the password . substitute a variable names for their values in the given string . sets the key columns of a database table sets the key columns of a database table
always indicates that more results are available , unless the batch is limited to fewer than # query _ batch _ limit results .
this skips whitespace starting with the supplied position .
appends the prettified multi - line hexadecimal dump of the specified direct buffer to the specified string builder that is easy to read by humans .
returns a multi - line hexadecimal dump of the specified direct buffer that is easy to read by humans .
removes a package from package test method .
returns a position expression , or an optimized boolean item .
add the given expression as an attribute to this loop ' s sequence .
the constructor to be invoked is chosen using the normal overloading rules ( \ u00d4 \ u00f8 \ u03a915 . 12 . 2 ) .
returns a function that the volatility sensitivity to model parameters by means of central finite difference . - - - checks that the specified argument is non - null . given the input argument , this returns only if it is non - null . for example , in calculates a volatility constructor : this . name = arg checker . not ( name "
all the nodes that have been pushed since the node was opened are made children of the the conditional node . - - - this pair of methods are used to inform the of its parent . method tells the node to add its argument to the node ' s list children . this method tells the node add its argument to ' s list children
retrieve the tables id that the txn tried to access that generated this exception . schem string = > table schema ( may be null ) table _ name table _ type string = > table type . typical types are " table " , " view " , " system table " , " global temporary " , " local temporary " , " alias " , " synonym " . remarks string = > explanatory comment on the table type _ cat string = > the types catalog ( may be null ) type _ schem string = > the types type _ name string = > type name ( may be null ) self _ referencing _ col _ name string = > name of the designated " identifier " column of a typed ( may be null ) ref generation string = > specifies how values in self _ referencing _ col _ are created . values are " system " , " user " , " derived " . ( may be null ) note : some databases may not return information for all tables . hsqldb - specific information : hsqldb supports the sql standard . it treats unquoted identifiers as case insensitive in sql and stores them in upper case ; it treats quoted identifiers as case sensitive and stores them verbatim . all jdbcdatabase meta data methods perform case - sensitive comparison between pattern ) arguments and the corresponding identifier values as they are stored in the database . therefore , care must taken to specify name arguments precisely ( including case as they are stored in the database . since 1 . 7 . 0 , hsqldb returns extra information on text tables in the remarks column . since 1 . 7 . 0 , hsqldb includes the new jdbc3 columns type cat , type _ schem , type _ and self _ referencing _ col _ name in anticipation of jdbc3 compliant tools . since 1 . 7 . 2 , this feature is supported by default . if the jar is compiled without org . hsqldb . database information full or org . hsqldb . database information main , the feature is not supported . the default implementation is org . hsqldb . dbinfo . database information full .
datasources must be less than 21 characters in length , so work to strip out the names to make it shorter .
not ideal at all .
the complexity constant c . ( default 1 ) - - - checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string . checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string .
- r - - - checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string . checks if the given array contains the flag " - string " . stops searching at the first marker " - - " . if the flag is found , it is replaced with the empty string .
otherwise , the given deadline is wrapped into a generic deadline message as its payload .
return a list comprising the individual results . - - - decides how many index partitions should be generated ( n ) and builds n index segments from the source index partition . if n will be one ( 1 ) if a detailed inspection of the source index partition reveals that it should not be split .
update the system version of the concourse server installation to that of this upgrade task . - - - put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position . put the value in this byte sink sink , starting at the current position .
returns visible and non no - op values deltas for the data kind this section represents .
serializes an object into a byte buffer . - - - closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return - 1 ( eof closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return 1 ( eof ) closes the stream . writes to a closed stream will fail , reads will successfully read the bytes that are already in the buffer and then return
the object has to implement interface serializable or externalizable or byte .
gets the provider which returns instances of t .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
sets a custom load balancer to use .
gets the key store .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether offsets and payloads are required .
terms enum # postings ( bits , postings enum , int ) .
returns postings enum for the specified field and term , with control over whether freqs are required .
terms enum # postings ( bits , postings enum , int ) .
get postings enum for the current term .
returns the wrapped docs and postings enum .
returns the wrapped postings enum .
tidy up - call each main class and let it tidy up e . g .
locks a block if it exists , throws ioexception otherwise .
releases a lock by its lock id or throw ioexception .
gets the metadata of a block given its block id or throws ioexception .
returns a set of numbers whose size equals the number num and whose value is less than or equal " population " . - - - returns the number of items in this tuple returns the number of items in this tuple sets the specified object to be indexed at the index computed from the specified coordinates .
action icons don ' t appear for feeds or when logged out , otherwise they appear only if the user can act upon them
returns an appropriate class loader that represents all the collected class loaders .
import static ratpack . rx . rx ratpack . promise ; - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
guice ) static class async service - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
exec result > result = exec harness . yield single ( execution - > promise ( service . observe ( " foo " ) ) ) ; - - - like # get ( string , session serializer ) , but throws no such element exception on the absence of a value . this method will throw an illegal argument exception if there is more than one object who ' s key has the given name .
gets the base url that this http config describes
creates a default classifier subset eval
creates a default cfs subset eval
creates a default wrapper subset eval
returns a json containing the failed pseudowires and the reason that its node failed .
obtains the provider of the class clazz that is scoped in the current scope , if any .
creates an instance of this class based on what configuration says our driver should be .
sets the pattern of task identifiers , for example , " " .
in case the idp is not present ( wasn ' t loaded from any metadata provider ) exception is thrown .
returns file of icon which is correct for currect state of tab at given index - - - return visuaized state of given catalog .
requests navigation to the given nav destination # get action destination ( int ) action , appropriate for the current location , e . g .
factory returning the singleton instance .
answer an iterator over all of the resources that are declared to be equivalent to this individual .
each elemeent of the iterator will be an ont class .
any statements for will be removed . - - - set the value of the given property of this ontology resource to the given value , encoded as an rdfnode . maintains the invariant that there is at most one value of the property for a given resource , so property values are first removed . to add multiple properties , use # add property ( property , rdfnode ) add property . set the rdf type ( i . e . the class ) for this resource , replacing any existing rdf : type property . any existing the rdf type first

answer true if this individual is the same as the given resource .
tries to restore the current tab from the given state , if that fails from the given intent extras .
if that fails as well , uses the last known selected tab .
puts definitions for xml element .
returns iff the shards content for the given shard can be deleted .
the scoping modular
construct new service definition .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
searches for the pattern p in the data .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
searches for the pattern pattern in the data .
print the frames version of the html file header .
called only when generating an html frames file .
calculates the model matrix for this atransformable3 d object . - - - sets all components of this vector3 to the values provided representing the input axis . sets all components of this vector3 to the values provided representing the input axis . left multiplies this matrix4 with the given one , storing the result in this matrix . a . left multiply ( b ) results in a = ba .
all command responses are cached in the command ' s raft session context for fault tolerance .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the main thread .
can be called from other threads , in which case it will do the change on the main thread .
set cashed scope data .
emits a message containing a profile measurement .
pre tick just after world and other ticks occur
post tick just before world and other ticks occur
return a new loader for a script using the compiler ' s specified definition .
will check to see if the class has already been loaded when the painless was initially created .
anchor text for a field .
pick the javadoc root for a method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a method .
emit an external link to javadoc for a field .
emit a struct .
if the plain struct is primitive or def this just emits the name of the struct .
pick the javadoc root for a painless .
anchor text for a method .
anchor text for a painless .
pick the javadoc root for a field .
returns entries directly below given path .
returns zip entries directly below given path .
get the type of the creature being hatched ( creature type . chicken by default )
plain refresh listener instance to configure .
the join merge for this phi .
this is always equal to the initial capacity of this deque less the current size of this deque .
note that you cannot always tell if an attempt to insert an element will succeed by inspecting remaining capacity because it may be the case that another thread is about to insert or remove an element .
returns true if this deque contains the specified element .
suppose x is a deque known to contain only strings .
the following code can be used to dump the deque into a newly allocated array of string :
returns true if this queue contained the specified element ( or equivalently , if this queue changed as a result of the call ) .
process messages as received from the 0 - successful 1 - failed user categories
this selects the date - time immediately after a gap and the later offset in overlaps .
if you simply want to use the earlier offset at overlaps then call zoned date time # with earlier offset at overlap ( ) immediately after this method .
returns the amount to scroll horizontally when the scrollbar is clicked .
returns the amount to scroll vertically when the scrollbar is clicked .
returns the first operation in this call site descriptor ' s name .
returns the error message to be used when dyn : call or dyn : new is used on a non - function .
returns the named operand in this descriptor ' s name .
for call sites without named operands ( e . g .
sorted database versions :
get all of the servers which suspect a specific member .
get the suspicions as reported by a specific instance .
returns true if field keyspace is set ( has been asigned a value ) and false otherwise
prior to api level 23 , font resources with more than one font in a family will only load the first font in that family .
returns a new restlet server .
returns a new restlet container .
returns a new restlet container .
returns a new restlet server .
gets the username provided by the user as part of the authentication process .
returns this statistic ' s statistic category .
updates a question and adjusts question numbers if required .
updates the feedback question , including propagating question number update , shifts other questions up down depending on the change . - - - get feedback from database . updates a by feedback question attributes update options .
find history record from the event when the given segment was sealed .
value to check if no scale operation is currently ongoing and scale operation can be performed with given input .
exception on close may result in other agents not being . - - - note that one agent throwing an exception close will not prevent other agents from
appends the given array to this chars ref starting at the current offset
the identifier will have the identifiers normalized into alphabetical order .
creates the edges and nodes files from the specified inputstream ( osm worker xml file ) . underlying filesystem in order to avoid writes from other processes
there is a column with more gaps than allowed will be shrinked ( moved to free pool ) . - - - convenience method to get list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) . returns the double containing the aligned residues for each structure align res . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
insert a gap in bk of the structures in a random position in the alignment . = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) . convenience method to get a list of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list . get ( structure ) . get ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
the distribution is not uniform , positions with higher distance are more likely to be gapped . residue ) = align res . get size ) . get ( length ) . convenience method to get a of all blocks from all block sets . modifications of this list will not alter the multiple alignment , but modifications to the blocks will . returns the double list containing the aligned residues for each structure . align res . get ( structure ( residue ) = align res . get ( size ) . get ( length ) .
there are many possible parameter implementations , for example reporting currency .
obtains an instance specifying the functions , market data rules , reporting currency .
gets the reporting currency .
combines the parameters with another set of parameters .
return the tps slider property value .
returns a sql join operator . join type , never null .
returns a sql join condition type , never null .
waits if necessary for at most the given time for the computation to complete , and then retrieves its result , if available .
clears swap entries for evicted partition . - - - returns all events that were seen by this appender so far . gets enabled flag . stores given data in this fulltext index . swaps values . attempt to move cursor position forward . removes passed in entry if it presents in the map . stores given data in this fulltext index . returns all events that were seen by this appender so far . create key object . gets local node id . error value for model answer . error value for model answer .
gets the name of the unique .
report the assigned threshold .
this method returns resultset as one list .
this method returns a value of the first column . - - - synonym # where ( string , object . . . ) logs a query information to log system without time logs a query information to the log system without time close multiple resources calls close quietly auto closeable ) under the hood close multiple resources calls # close quietly ( auto closeable ) under the hood
prepares a component for calling any pending state updates on it by setting a global key , setting the tree props which the component requires from its parent , setting a scoped component context and applies the pending state updates .
removes all the telegrams from the queue them to the internal pool . - - - removes listeners on this actor . frees an object from the # get ( class ) pool . clears the depth buffer by setting the depth to 1
get the redirect action
instance . missing value ( ) if the area is not available . - - - returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . . returns the value used to code a missing value . note that equality tests on this value will always return false , so use is missing value ( double val ) for testing . .
method used to assert that an expected activity is currently active with the possibility to verify that the expected activity is a new instance of the activity object .
prints the list of points from the given list of submission data .
set the output stream which will receive a detailed log of the types which were examined in order to determine serializability .
it ' s better to get the sub - readers ( using
execute some code , expressed via a shutdown job tracker executable , while the job tracker is shutdown .
once the code has finished , the job tracker is restarted ( even if an exception occurs ) . - - - returns the resource manager address returns the resource manager address
. - - returns a new trade report obtains an instance by copying part of an array the input is copied and not mutated
the dates and values arrays must be the same size . - - - checks that the specified boolean is true . given the input argument , this returns normally only if it is true . this will typically be the result of a caller - specific check . for example : arg checker . is true ( value & gt ; check , " value must be greater than check : " , value ) ; this returns void , and not the value being checked , as there is never a good reason to validate a boolean argument value . the message is produced using a template that contains zero or one " " placeholders . the placeholder , if present , is replaced by the argument . if there is no placeholder , the argument is appended to the end of the message . puts a single value into the map . if the key already exists , the value will be replaced . puts a single value into the map . if the key already exists , the value will be replaced .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
tries executing the rpc for at most max _ rpc _ attempts times until it succeeds . - - - returns a copy of this fluent backoff that limits the total number of retries , aka the total number of calls to back off # next back off millis ( ) before returning back off # stop . does not modify this object .
if a commit fails , it will be retried ( up to datastore writer fn # max _ retries times ) .
if the retry limit is exceeded , the last exception from the cloud datastore will be thrown .
note this is before the ' s # on attach ( activity ) has been called ; all you should do here is parse the attributes and save them away .
big decimal and big integer java . util . date
tests if path points to root node of a device .
clicks the sort table by name button .
clicks the sort table by id button .
clears the file , with zeros for default mode . - - - this method should be used for adding quick debug statements in code while debugging . calls to this method should never be committed to master . gets size of a wal segment in bytes . writes up to cnt bytes to buffer starting at buf to the descriptor fd . the file offset is changed . see " man 2 write " . sets force fail node flag . clears the hll . the hll will have cardinality zero and will act as if no elements have been added . note : unlike # add raw ( long ) clear does not handle transitions between hlltypes - a probabilistic type will remain probabilistic after being cleared
removes the elements in this collection that are matched according to the specified condition condition .
retains only the elements in this collection that are matched according to the specified condition condition .
gets the value of the is deployed property .
packs a tiled map , adding some properties to improve the speed of the tiled map renderer . - - - convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle . convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle .
on the tiles for use with a tile atlas convenience method that returns a file type # absolute file handle .
the default behavior is described in affinity key mapper documentation .
the default behavior is described in affinity key mapper documentation .
requests cache affinity function and cache affinity key mapper from remote node .
resets the connection addresses .
resets the addresses .
returns the set of members in the cluster .
returns the current of servers . - - - resets head the journal to the given index
there is no concept of a block in oss , however the maximum allowed size of one file is currently 5 gb . - - - note that the bytes written should take compression and encoding into consideration . if the writer writes to a file , the bytes written should be an estimate of the actual bytes written to the file .
create stats for all the constituent pattern rides of this ride .
m connected devices is null .
one headset bluetooth device is available and activated
preference summary should be activate device name
more than one headset bluetooth devices are available , and second device is active .
preference summary should be activate device name
preference summary should be activate device
preference summary should be activate device name
returns a human readable string summary of the internal state of the given byte array .
loading complete ( ) is called by form loader once it has finished loading a form . - - - creates and displays dialog with the given error msg . sends an event to all the observers who have registered to receive the event type .
create a range query for matching an exact integer value .
this is for simple one - dimension points , for multidimensional points use # new multi big integer range new multi big integer range ( ) instead .
encode n - dimensional big integer values into binary encoding
create a range query for matching an address .
create a range query for matching a cidr network range .
get the value of log ( i ) , expanding the cache as necessary - - - log this message so that it shows up inline during output as well as in html reports
in some cases , a http action may be thrown :
returns the i / o - access of this heap .
notifies the resource listeners that recovery has completed
notifies the resource listeners that recovery has started
returns the gradle coordinate ( ex .
collects and processes all the rule and attribute documentation in input dirs and generates the build encyclopedia into the output dir .
add a file to the classpath if it does exist
add a file to the classpath if it does exist
get default cmd from init cmd
load proxy configuration .
get proxy available data source parameters .
convert yaml to data source parameter map .
convert data source parameter map to yaml string .
convert yaml to proxy server configuration .
create a parent jsonobject named name + key _ array encode = true ;
create a parent jsonobject named key _ array encode = true ;
callback called by instance when disposed .
process the artifact instance in the eam db
process the artifact md5s in the eam db for matches of clause files which are not known - - - process the artifact instance in the eam db
returns the text content of the given string ( without the appropriate quoting ) .
writes the specified enum set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a long sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
utility method for converting an set to a bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as an int sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a short sized bit vector .
writes the specified set to the buffer as a byte sized bit vector .
. - - - gets the deserialized body sets up downstream subscriber creates the connection associated with this stream response . <DELETE_END>
decode the bytes and return . - - - decodes a byte array in base64 url format .
create struct promise create an error value with given error type defined in the given module
get if outline is enabled .
if enable , the html output methods will consider all tags as outline .
checks the accept header to see if it clients accept the correct media type
load markup and add a watcherto the markup resource .
submits the get response to a rest response handler so that it can be sent ( or the exception handled ) . - - - sends out responses immediately . returns control only after response has been consumed and sent over the rest response channel . if the response building was unsuccessful for any reason , the details are included in the exception . the bytes consumed from the response are streamed out ( unmodified ) through the rest response channel . assumed that at least one of response or exception is null . sends out responses immediately . returns control only after response has been consumed and sent over the rest response channel . if the response building was unsuccessful for any reason , the details are included in the exception . the bytes consumed from the response are streamed out ( unmodified ) through the rest response channel . assumed that at least one of response or exception is null .
checks reactions of all methods in admin blob storage service to bad rest response handler and rest request implementations . - - - handles a get operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a get operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a post operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a post operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a delete operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a delete operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a head operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client . handles a head operation . the rest request provided will have both metadata and any content associated with the request . the rest response channel can be used to send responses to the client .
when this function returns , it may not be sent yet .
tracks the state of the rest request handlers provided as input and periodically reports how many of them are alive and well . - - - registers with kms to create key for a unique pair of account id and container id registers with kms to create key for a unique pair of account id and container id
sets up the mock request handler controller that netty message processor can use .
returns a resource manager options instance that sets the host to use the mock server .
for shitlist renderer in router unmodifiable
if the current bucket count is below the # hash _ table _ shrink _ limit multiplied with the hash table capacity , then the hash table will be shrinked .
updates the digest with a string using its length plus its utf8 encoded bytes . - - - returns the utf - 8 data as an array of bytes . appends an int to the fingerprint message . updates a global binding in the module .
updates the digest with the little - endian bytes of a given long value .
updates the digest with the little - endian bytes of a given int value .
sets the control dispatcher .
sets the control dispatcher .
althought it may seem that reparsing is bizzare , but it is one [ of not so many ] ways to do proper marshaling .
this kind of inneficiency will only hit query constraints that have many object with custom marshaling , which considered to be a rare case .
returns a char matcher that matches any character present in the given character sequence .
give this frame a processing icon .
creates a new glow offline player instance for the given player profile .
look up the glow player profile for a given uuid .
look up the player profile for a given uuid .
returns a player profile for each player whose uuid is in the list file .
returns the leader ' s global index .
sets the number of max per segment , returning the builder for method chaining .
sets the maximum key size , returning the builder for method chaining . - - - sets the serializer name .
returns the maximum serializer .
sets the number of max segment .
sets the serializer serializer .
sets the maximum key size , returning the configuration for method chaining .
sets the number of max per segment , returning the configuration for method chaining .
returns the number of max per segment .
sets the log retention policy , returning the configuration for method chaining .
reads the entry term .
writes the term .
returns the maximum segment size for the segment .
force rebalance .
type - safe overload of # read values ( json parser , resolved type ) .
type converter for an int to a state .
type converter for a state to an int .
returns a directory with a default name in the private cache directory of the application to use to store retrieved audio .
this implementation moves the updated entry to the top of the list .
processes a specified file found .
checks that each java file in the fileset has a package . html sibling . - - - notify all listeners about the beginning of a file audit . a message dispatcher is used to fire violations to interested audit listeners . notify all listeners about the end of a file audit .
downloads of url to output file and uses . - - - downloads atomically output file won ' t be modified in case of any i / o download errors . renames this file to the new name . this method should be only called within write action . see application # run write action ( runnable ) . deletes a node from the heap given the reference to the node . the trees in the heap will be consolidated , if necessary . this operation may fail to remove the correct element if there are nodes with key value infinity running time : log n amortized
links e as first element , or returns false if full .
links e as last element , or returns false if full .
call the next interceptor in the chain or send the request when the end of the chain is reached . - - - call the next interceptor in the chain . call the next interceptor in the chain . send the http request , this executes the client phase # send _ request phase : traverse the interceptor chain send the actual request
trigger the execution of this step serially
get command configuration for given id .
gets metadata for the specified kind , or throws an exception if the kind is unknown - - - gets metadata for the specified kind , returning null if nothing registered . this method is not like the others because it returns null instead of throwing an exception if the kind is not found .
determines whether the given parameter is associated with the http request parameter of the given name .
r language definition and internals for this behavior ) .
navigate via an id defined on the current destination .
navigate via an action . - - - attempts to pop controller ' s back stack back to a specific navigate via
navigate via an id defined on the current destination .
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating via an res .
create an android . view . view . on click listener for navigating via an res .
loads mime type settings from the file ' mime . types ' in the classpath , if it ' s available .
serializes this processing result to an xml stream .
returns a list of extensions in this map .
returns whether this toolchain supports interface shared libraries .
get the set of all providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying services hk2 services container .
hands over the response to the associated put chunk that issued the request .
create a new point builder from a coordinate
name of the google cloud project that stores the data and will run the code , probably broad - dsde - dev
detect the mime type of a file , posting it to the blackboard if detection succeeds .
detect detect the mime type of the passed in file detect the mime type of the passed in file
generates the drop statements for all xml tables .
generates the drop statements for all database objects of this type .
returns the number of b b b servers where group id = ?
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns all the b b b servers where active = ? .
returns an ordered range of all the b b b servers group id = ? . - - - returns an ordered range of where active the web ex sites where group id = & # 63 ; . useful when paginating results . returns a maximum of end start instances . start and end are not primary keys , they are indexes in the result set . thus , 0 refers to the first result in the set . setting both start and end to query util # all _ pos will return the full result set . if order by comparator is specified , then the query will include the given order by logic . if order by comparator is absent and pagination is required ( start and end are not query util # all _ pos ) , then the query will include the default order by logic from web ex site model impl . if both order by comparator and pagination are absent , for performance reasons , the query will not have order by clause and returned result set will be sorted on by the primary key in an ascending order
removes all the b b b servers where group id = ?
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns a range of all the b b b servers where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where active id = ? .
returns the b b b servers before and after the current b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the number of b b b servers where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the last b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
returns the first b b b server in the ordered set where active = ? .
removes all the b b b servers where group id = ?
returns all the b b b servers where group id = ?
and active = ? .
returns all the b b b servers where active = ? .
access a list of content entity ( entities and collections ) objects in this path ( and below ) to which the current user has access .
use standard skylark convention , i . e . , double - quoted single - line string , as opposed to standard python convention , i . e .
loads a script by calling load script file ( clazz , dir name , null ) script file and " . btm " or , failing that , " . txt "
gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = ignite - core .
test point 1 : the user configures - default , which will delete all the default parameters
display a dialog to choose a file name to save an image to - - - filters the model items by searching for the given sub - string . case is ignored for matching . causes runnable to have its run method called in the dispatch thread of the event queue . this will happen after all pending events are processed . the call blocks until this has happened . logs a record at the specified level . the defaut implementation formats the message immediately , then delegates to plain # log ( level , string ) log ( level , message ) . returns the absolute path of a test file , given its location in the test data set returns the index in this list of the last occurence of the specified element , or - 1 if the list does not contain this element . this method is overridden only for performance reason ( the default implementation would work as well ) . logs a record at the specified level . the defaut implementation formats the message immediately , then delegates to plain # log ( level , string ) log ( level , message ) .
gets the user - friendly description of the route .
sets the user - friendly description of the route .
convert the table or column name to lower case .
convert the table or column name to lower case .
lists all files ( not subdirectories ) in the directory .
unhides a page from any user who doesn ' t have site . upd
checks if users without site . upd can see a page
sets the maximum number of merge threads and simultaneous merges allowed .
if poll returns non - null , the returned task is completed
if timed poll returns non - null , the returned task is completed
checks if the name is composed of all numbers .
sets the id of the msn registration account .
returns the id of the msn registration account .
checks whether any of the protocols ' above ' start _ index provide evt _ type
check whether any of the protocols ' below ' end _ index provide evt _ type
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by stream sink factories . a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run create and run a thread to handle input from the provided input stream . when process stream returns , the thread should be running ; it should continue to run until the input stream is exhausted .
run a command via runtime . exec ( ) , with its stdout and stderr streams directed to be handled by threads generated by sink factories .
execute a program defined by the args array with default stream handlers that consume the program ' s output ( to prevent it from blocking on buffers ) and then ignore said output .
gets the components ' 32 path . ) ' inserts the string representation of the double argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . value of , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset argument must be greater than or equal to 0 , and less than or equal to the length of this string buffer . test method for ' org . apache . wicket . util . string . prepending string buffer . prepend ( string ) '
gets the current session object .
called when a link is clicked ; this is here to satisfy the interface , as bookmarkable links will be dispatched by the handling servlet .
applies the ognl expression on the model object using the given object argument ( ognl . set value ) . - - - gets the used converter . gets the used converter . sets the value object that will be returned by # get value ( ) . sets the value object that will be returned by # get value ( ) .
if the resource key contains property and the model is null then the returned value is the actual resource key with all substitutions undertaken .
, deployment settings are gt ; ) . if not found check the servlet context init parameter & lt ; context - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name6gt ; & lt / param - name & gt ; parameter is " development " ( which is default ) , settings appropriate for development are set . if it ' s " deployment " , deployment settings are used . if development is specified and a " source folder " is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes . gets the wicket metrics settings configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler
" source " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder gt ; . if not found check the servlet context init parameter & lt context - param & gt ; & lt ; param - name6gt ; configuration & lt ; / param - name & gt ; . if the parameter is " development " ( which is default , settings appropriate for development are set . if it ' s " deployment " , deployment settings are used . if development is specified and a " source folder " init parameter is also set , then resources in that folder will be polled for changes . gets the wicket metrics settings configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler configures the resource stream resource used by this request handler
converts the given value object to class c
takes a scope and a relative path to a class and returns any class at that relative path .
gets the tag name part ( eg ' form ' in ' html : form ' or ' form ' ) converted to all lower case characters .
see task # get default authentication ( ) for the contract .
creates a new byte key backed by the specified byte buffer .
returns an immutable byte buffer representing this byte key .
throws a non empty exception exception
throws a non empty exception exception
sets the primary election .
works shortcomings in java ' s this ( ) constructor calls
gets the value of the section property .
gets the value of the entities property .
entity independent meta - data sections gets the value of the section property .
remove all assignments , resulting in an empty group .
if set is not , characters between start and end are chosen .
split the various bar entities ( used once at end of bar builder ) .
( used at every run of verticals builder ) .
mines the nonce for the specified block header with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( ) - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
when mined the block header ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
mines the nonce for the specified block header with difficulty block header . get difficulty ( ) - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
when mined the block header ' nonce ' and ' mix hash ' fields are updated - - - hashing chunk of the data cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) cast hex encoded value from byte [ ] to long null is parsed like byte [ 0 ] limited to long . max _ value : 263 - 1 ( 8 bytes ) sets the account nonce of the given account sets the account nonce of the given account
format a warning string in the proper warning format by prepending a warn code , warn agent , wrapping the warning string in quotes , and appending the rfc 7231 date .
usually called once the structure of the mining schema has been determined .
return the configured buffer factory , never null .
configure the data buffer factory to use for write i / o .
by default this is set to default data buffer factory .
buffer size and location info .
this invalidate all invocation is potentially time consuming as we will block for milliseconds for additional cassandra clients to be returned for cleanup .
the assignment .
if one is not initialized then a new one is created if the new configuration is different in metadata conf vars then a new one is created .
gets collection of examples instances .
return the property read or write that triggered the lazy load .
serialize this instance as xml to output stream . - - - closes the jar archive by creating the manifest , and signing the archive .
adds a mapping from an ontology uri to a physical uri which has a base of this mapper and a specified local name - in other words the physical uri will be determined by resolving the local name against the uri base of this mapper .
convert the specified map of wire attributes to message attribute format ( by adding a namespacing prefix ) .
resolves the first bound for the type variable , returning unresolved . class if none can be resolved .
if no arguments can be resolved then unresolved . class is returned .
subscribes to this completable and calls the given action when this completable completes normally .
returns a completable instance that runs the given action for each subscriber and emits either an unchecked exception or simply completes .
scheduler : from action does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
calls the unsubscribe action if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
calls the unsubscribe action if the downstream unsubscribes the sequence .
updates the time zone of a specific tag
helper function to sort members a list of members according to an expression . - - - sorts a collection of objects using a java . util . comparator and returns a list . sorts a collection of objects using a java . util . comparator and returns a list .
randomly selects a variable and assigns it to a value randomly taken in [ lb , ub ]
returns item vars .
casts the specified value or checks its type .
evaluates the variable and returns the resulting value .
binds the specified value to the variable .
get all annotation annotations from the supplied method .
return tidy markup html data format ( an xml document ) either as org . w3c . dom . node
get the size of buffer and uncompressed data in the stream ' s buffers .
returns the expression to evaluate before indexing
sets the grouping operation of the query .
returns true if the shortcuts already exists in the database .
table supports only sizeable . units _ pixels and sizeable . units _ rows .
gets the parameter grouping object to access its operations .
gets the xms client request id object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in operations method object to access its operations .
gets the subscription in operations credentials object to access its operations .
gets the skip url encoding object to access its operations .
gets the header operations object to access its operations .
gets the api version local object to access its operations .
gets the api version default object to access its operations .
gets the http operations success object to access its operations .
gets the lros operations object to access its operations .
gets the lros custom header object to access its operations .
gets the lroretrys operations object to access its operations .
gets the lrosads operations object to access its operations .
gets the paging object to access its operations .
gets the group operations object to access its operations .
this is necessary to make sure childs are coming after their parents
rq headers can find single header .
rq headers can returns default header .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate but not skill modifiers . - - - gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded . gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded .
adds xp to the player , calculates for xp rate and skill modifiers . - - - gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded . gets the mc mmoplayer object for a player , this can be null if the player has not yet been loaded .
a test to ensure the method time zone . in daylight time ( ) is working correctly . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time . determines if the specified date is in daylight time according to this timezone . this is done by finding the latest supporting observance for the specified date and identifying whether it is daylight time .
stop an existing instance . - - - allow sub classes to fire lifecycle events . provides a mechanism for sub - classes to update the component state . calling this method will automatically fire any associated lifecycle event . it will also check that any attempted state transition is valid for a sub - class . loads a key store from input stream working around the known jdk bug https : / / bugs . openjdk . java . net / browse / jdk - 8157404 . this code can be removed once the minimum java version for tomcat is 13 . log an error with fatal log level . get associated forward notification of a parsing error to the application supplied error handler ( if any ) log an error with info log level . await and shutdown . get associated server signals the acceptor stop , optionally waiting for that stop process to complete before returning if wait is requested and the stop does not complete in that time a warning will be logged . forward notification of a parsing error application supplied error handler ( if any )
clears all check elements .
get assay .
retrieve listing of secret
returns the biological assembly for the given pdb id
the asymmetric unit will be loaded , e . . all original models but the first one are discarded . as original with symmetry - expanded chains added with renamed chain ids and names ( in the form original asym id _ transform id and original auth id _ transform id )
return the list of matched classnames in lexographical order .
removes the specified panel .
get the channel uri for this channel .
updates the sensor triggers for a sensor .
gets the current list of sensor triggers in this experiment for a particular sensor .
verifies that out of memory exception is thrown when cache is configured with too small memory policy .
get the names of all char sets that can be recognized by the char set detector .
throw a datastore exception with failed _ precondition error and the message in a nested exception .
see also # copy ( double [ ] , int , int ) .
try to convert the object to a float .
this method is called when a handle nio server socket channel is successfully registered .
adds an interest in accepts for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects and reads for this channel while maintaining other interests .
checks for an interest in writes for this selection .
removes an interest in connects , reads , and writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in connects for this channel while maintaining other interests .
removes an interest in writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
adds an interest in writes for this channel while maintaining other interests .
autoload for use by unit test environment to reset the global environment to a clean state .
retrieves the list of collection roles for the bags encountered .
returns null acquired . - - - returns the unique log identifier of the current request . may safely called multiple times , will always return the same result ( within the same request )
finds a new spawning point .
returns the structure id .
leave out of type signature to avoid confusing type inference .
the appropriate serializer will be read from the buffer by reading the 8 - bit signed integer from the start of the buffer .
gets a service class .
reads the entire input stream from the given reader and parses it as json .
security context holder we are logging out a session that is not related to the current user .
looks up handle for a dynamic method call .
load yaml server configuration .
convert proxy proxy server configuration to yaml string .
convert yaml to proxy proxy server configuration .
called when a key is pressed .
returns the next combination of array index values , or null if the index value space has been exhausted .
get the ' grant table ' right of this object .
set the . - - - sets colors other colors are provided by the framework . colors used to display the returns the background color of the search orb
from this . source file name , prepend path elements to try to find the actual file intended , and use the resulting fully - qualified name to initialize source file .
set the size of the indent in spaces .
set spaces to the current indentation until it is reaches " column " and push it on the indentation stack .
set the indent of the next line to the column the cursor is currently in .
set the top and bottom offset for this view offset helper ' s view .
set the left and right offset for this view offset helper ' s view .
if the block is not on top storage tier , promote block to top storage tier
load the url into the webview after waiting for period time . - - - init when loading a new html page into webview . load for the splashscreen url the
update datasource configuration .
enables the console reporter for the given metrics registry , and causes it to print to stdout with the specified period .
else it will try to return the download _ url .
if the download url is not given , it will use the title of the entry .
else it will try to return the title .
if the title is not given , it will use the title of the entry .
returns an array of values at the given quantiles .
returns the value at the given quantile .
set the verbose flag for verbose output to stdout
registers the execution listener object for this vertex . - - - create a integer resource version with given integer value . create a integer resource version with given integer value .
unregisters the state execution listener object for this vertex .
get the mc mmoplayer of a player by name .
binds pre configuration data .
appends the end - of - line terminator . appends one or more strings to the generated code .
creates a new soy file supplier given a resource url , as well as the desired file path for messages .
returns the first key as a string .
null if there is no escaping mode for the given command .
returns the path to the source soy file ( null if not supplied ) .
retrieves the list of delegate template divisions ( sorted in descencing priority order ) given the delegate template key .
returns a map from delegate template name to list of delegate template divisions , where each list is sorted in descending priority order .
selects a delegate template based on the rendering rules , given the delegate template name and the set of active delegate package names .
called when the renderer is unprepared .
generic verify dsa _ sha1 or signature
sets the free capacity threshold below which a warning is issued .
sets the eviction count above which an error is issued .
monoid add = mondoid . of ( 1 , semigroups . int sum ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
gets the immutable list value for the enchantments .
gets the immutable list value of item enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
gets the list value for the enchantments .
gets the list value of item enchantments stored such that it can be applied to an item stack .
the enchantment level is varied based on vanilla mechanics .
creates a new bi consumer that takes the provided enchantment and applies it to the generated item stack .
the enchantment level is defined by the variable amount provided .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
respond with an unstructured data response in reactive streaming .
collects property descriptors by the given type and all its super interfaces . function that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . returns a new streamable that will apply the given function to the current one . creates a non - parallel stream of the underlying iterable .
convenience wrapper for # encode into array ( connections , double , int [ ] ) - - - returns n check for length the same and copy input into output if output bits on count ( w ) set , throw error if not true check for length the same and copy input into output if output bits on count ( w ) set , throw error if not true
this can be used in conjunction with # pprint ( connections , int [ ] , string ) .
group for a message on a channel .
group for a message on a channel .
refer to mime message helper # produce mime message ( email , session )
this creates a protobuf message containing a client protocol . message - - - create a builder for the given host machine and host name create a builder for the given host machine and host name
process get block by hash sends a requested block to a peer if the block is available .
returns the smallest version between the 2 .
all indices that were created before elasticsearch v2 . 0 . 0 . beta1 should be reindexed in elasticsearch 2 . x before they can be opened by this version of elasticsearch .
if the server advertises cli port , returns it .
creates a monitoring timestamped index in a given version .
reads the id and the parent distance of this entry from the specified input stream . - - - calls the super method and reads the values of this entry from the specified input stream . read an integer from the byte array at the given offset .
writes the id and the parent distance of this entry to the specified output stream . - - - calls the super method and writes the values of this entry to the specified stream . write an integer to the byte array at the given offset . non - type - checking version . non - type - checking version .
the user specified one , if set for a war project , the jetty default one for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
the user specified one , if set for a war project , the jetty default one for a non - war project , by resolving the main class
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary .
a snapshot is disconnected from the world that it was taken from so changes to the original block do not affect the snapshot .
calls the mapper function on the world and position .
calls the mapper function on the world and block position .
create a new instance with a new world .
calls the mapper function on the world and biome position .
calls the mapper function on the world and chunk position .
gets a locatable block if the parent world of this location is a world .
returns true if this location is in the given world .
gets the underlying world .
note : this can be null if the world is unloaded and garbage collected .
creates a default restclient .
triggers event indicating that this jvm is now part of a cluster .
returns the icon ' s path .
returns the element ' s resource type name . - - - returns the resource manager .
set the table name which is turned into lowercase .
get the list of entities based on a reference and supplied search , passes through to the ep methods if available
checks that the group ' s declared environments are legitimate same - package environment rules and prepares the " fulfills " relationships between these environments to support # get fulfillers .
to preserve the difference between empty list
returns a jaxbsource .
returns an xml source or transformation instructions . - - - returns the wrapped representation ' s stream . returns the reference to a method definition element . returns the reference to a method definition element .
returns a link for a given path . - - - appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the appends the given html to the report content . also scrolls to the bottom of the
parse the parameters provided by the extension .
the parameters is provided in a large string property of the extension object .
calculates the absolute target from a base to a relative location .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . until ( end instant , seconds ) .
for example , the amount in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . until ( end date , days ) .
for example , the amount in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . until ( end time , hours ) .
for example , in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .
there are then three sections , each consisting of a number and a suffix .
at least one of the three sections must be present .
for example , in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . period until ( end year , decades ) .
in strict mode , no ers is assumed and the year _ of _ era is left untouched .
the era value is a valid era number , - 999 , - 1 . . 2 .
checks if this unit is a date unit .
resolves this field to provide a simpler alternative .
it is designed to allow application defined fields to be simplified into more standard fields , such as those on chrono field .
this is not the way to get a graph store for sdb - an sdb store object is a graph store no conversion necessary .
by default , it returns the current challenge response secret . - - - converts a byte array into a character array using the default character set .
a convenience method to - - - sets prefix name for a given prefix . note that prefix names must end with a colon . sets a convenience method to add a namespace mapping - - - sets a prefix name for a given prefix . note that prefix names must end with a colon . sets a prefix name for a given prefix . note that prefix names must
default cache implementation : uses wah8 doc id set .
it pings remote host ( www . google . com ) at port 80 every 2 seconds with 2 seconds of timeout .
observes connectivity with the internet by opening walled garden connection with remote host
retruns iff the given name is a registered for an exception to be read .
create a config merger for calculating the config tests .
allows generating a date exactly as it would be outputed by helper .
gson internally uses the jvm ' s timezone to format dates , so the actual output depends on the platform and cannot be stored as a constant string .
create a new element by tag name , add it to this element . - - - validates that the string is not null
adds a node to this element .
returns jodd bean instance components .
request removal of all modules .
request un - deployment of an existing named module .
create a new domain object .
request un - deployment of all modules .
request deployment of an existing named module .
historical and transactional reads are still allowed , but we remove the the read - committed or unisolated views from the cache once the index has been dropped . - - - returns the key of the property removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map . removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
returns a send request suitable for broadcasting to the network .
defaults to # default
sets whether or not the search returns facets for the domain .
closes and creates a new master client , in case the master changes . - - - closes the connection with the alluxio remote and does the necessary cleanup . it should be used if the client has not connected with the remote for a while , for example . tests to ensure file # delete ( ) is called when the stream is closed . rpc for establishing bi - di stream between client / server .
removes only the type information from the root document .
if none of the configured realms successfully authenticates the request , an elasticsearch security exception will be thrown .
get the index where the attribute will be inserted
set the index where the attribute will be inserted .
merges this bloom filter with another bloom filter by performing a bitwise or of the underlying data . an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . see # check argument ( boolean , string , object . . . ) for details . returns the number of elements in this queue . copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this map . the effect of this call is equivalent to that of calling put ( k , v ) on this map once for each mapping from key k to value v in the specified map . the behavior of this operation is undefined if the specified map is modified while the operation is in progress .
determines whether a given bloom filter is able to be merged with this bloom filter .
not be the same instance have the same number of hash functions have the same size have the same strategy have equal funnels
merge two bit arrays using bitwise or .
connects to service app ' s media session2 service .
connects to service app ' s media session compat service .
connects to client app ' s remote media controller2 service .
connects to client app ' s remote media controller compat service .
create a path to draw a next connector .
create a path to draw only a statement input connector .
destroys any managed services ( those started by this process and represented in # running processes ) .
retrieves the attribute value and returns it in the payload of a message . - - - convert to a message . the default implementation calls # to message builder ( string , mqtt message ) .
utility method to return an unmodifiable copy of a given list .
total negatives true negatives + false positives
returns metadata policy for this map .
sets the metadata policy .
see metadata policy for more information
creates a ref watcher instance and starts watching activity references ( on ics + ) .
returns the executor service used by this async client to execute requests .
if there are more log streams to list , the response would contain a value in the response log .
log streams returned in the response by request . - - - marshall the given object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
an optional time range to filter results on the event . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute and call this method in a try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
the streams searched to an explicit list of . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block
if the response includes a , then there is more data to search , and the search can be resumed with a new request providing the next token . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
the response will contain a list of that contains information about which streams were searched in the request and whether they have been searched completely or require further pagination . the event for field # client execute time call this method in a try - finally block
. - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
a destination encapsulates a physical resource ( such as a kinesis stream ) and allows you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events of a different account , ingested through requests . of this is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in try - finally block
groups to list , the response would contain a value in the response . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine end a client aws request / response execution and collect request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / execution and collect the request metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
log groups returned in the response by request . - - - marshall the given object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
every put log events request must include the obtained from the response of the previous request . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
an upload in a newly log stream does not require a . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
the log events the batch must be in chronological ordered by . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
filters to list , the response would contain a value in the response . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine end a client aws request / response execution and collect request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / execution and collect the request metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
metric filters returned in the response by request . - - - marshall the given object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
an optional time range to filter results on the event . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute and call this method in a try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
of these tokens in subsequent requests to paginate through events in either forward or backward direction . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
log events returned in response by specifying the parameter in the . - - - marshall the given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
metric filters allow you to configure rules to extract metric data from log events ingested through requests . may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep - alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block .
filters to list , the response would contain a value in the response body .
subscription filters returned in the response by request . - - - marshall the given object . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method a try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
to list , the response would contain a value in the response body .
destinations returned in response by specifying the parameter in the . - - - marshall given parameter object . common routine to end a client aws / response execution and collect the request metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try finally block
subscription you to subscribe to a real - time stream of log events ingested through requests and have them delivered to a specific destination . - - - marshall the given parameter object . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead - letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to for long connections with timeout or keep alive settings . this operation requires permission for the lambda : invoke function action . invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously ( and wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep alive settings . this operation requires permission for lambda : invoke function action common routine to end client aws request / response execution and collect the request metrics caller of this routine is responsible for starting the event for field # client execute time and call this method in try - finally block . common routine to end a client aws request / response execution collect the request metrics . caller of this routine is responsible starting event for field # client execute time and call this method in a try - finally block
sets the value of the arn property for this object .
returns the value of the arn property for this object .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc .
a point in time expressed as the number of milliseconds since jan 1 , 1970 00 : 00 : 00 utc .
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response continue paginating the filter log events results . - - - pagination token . if multiple pages of are returned , use the next token value returned with the current page of results to get the next page of results
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response to continue paginating the filter log events results .
a pagination token obtained from a filter log events response continue paginating the filter log events results . - - - pagination token . if multiple pages of are returned , use the next token value returned with the current page of results to get the next page of results
currently , the supported destinations are : a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery .
currently , the supported destinations are : a amazon kinesis stream belonging to the same account as the subscription filter , for same - account delivery .
return whether conversion between the source type and target type can be bypassed .
more precisely , this method will return true if objects of source type can be converted to the target type by returning the source object unchanged .
derives the model attribute name for a method parameter based on : - - - check whether the given string contains actual text . more specifically , this method returns true if the string is not null , its length is greater than 0 , and it contains at least one non - whitespace character .
the parameter @ model attribute annotation value - - - check whether the given string contains actual text . more specifically , this method returns true if the string is not null , its length is greater than 0 , and it contains at least one non - whitespace character .
returns true if the text view is in editing title or description , false otherwise .
change current selected column .
shows multiple items on activate column if picker has focus .
show multiple items on all column if picker has no focus ( e . g .
returns number of visible item showing in a column when it ' s not expanded , it ' s 1 by default .
change number of visible item showing in a column when it ' s not expanded , it ' s 1 by default .
returns number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s expanded , it ' s 3 by default .
change number of visible items showing in a column when it ' s expanded .
sets maximum value ( inclusive ) of the column .
sets minimal value ( inclusive ) of the column .
get total item count between min value ( inclusive ) and max value ( inclusive ) .
return string format to display entry for value , e . g .
" % 02d " .
set string format to display entry for value , e . g .
" % 02d " .
returns an view of the list of parameters of this action . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map are reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results iteration are undefined the supports element removal , which removes corresponding mapping from the , via the iterator remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support add or add all operations
return doesn ' t take any runtime parameters . - - - returns a collection view of the values contained in this map . the collection is backed by the map , so changes to the map reflected in the collection , and vice - versa . if the map is modified while an iteration over the collection is in progress ( except through the iterator ' s own remove operation ) , the results of the iteration are the supports element removal , which removes corresponding mapping from the , via the iterator remove , collection . remove , remove all , retain all and clear operations . it does not support add or add all operations
the number of references of the db in the pool is reduced by pin .
returns the balance of an account within the specified range while taking sub - accounts into consideration
check that the given auth info is present and valid for a resource being transferred .
returns all referenced contacts from this domain . returns the filename . check that the given auth info is valid for the given contact .
writes a new state to zookeeper and records the engine that task is running on .
paths updated : + / tasks / id / state + / engine / tasks / id
- dmockserver . port = - override the default port - dmockserver . log level = - override the default logging level
the unescaped content of an sei nal unit , writing the content of any cea - 608 messages as samples to the provided output . when metadata associated with a sample has been extracted from the stream . the corresponding sample data will have already been passed to the output via calls to # sample data ( data reader , int , boolean ) or # sample data ( parsable
runs the viterbi algorithm on the sequence model in order to find the best sequence .
no hamproperties object .
creates a new joption for the given @ param name or fail with an illegal argument exception if a joption for the given @ param name exists .
register a udaf function which can be used in group - by expression .
the alignment is definitely added iff it ' s mate was added . - - - return a string representing the chromosome / contig / sequence . we use the accession if it is defined , otherwise the first word in the locus field .
if we haven ' t seen the mate , the record is added with some probability according to reservoir sampling - - - return a string representing the chromosome / contig / sequence . we use the accession if it is defined , otherwise the first word in the locus field .
determine the implicit receiver of a select expression that accesses the given symbol by simple name in the given resolution context .
serialize current pings to an list
retrieves the cached layer for the layer with digest layer digest .
retrieves the cached layer that was built from the layer entries .
retrieves the cache entry for the layer with digest layer digest . - - - creates a builder for a history entry . creates a builder for a history entry . constructs an image reference from the image reference components , consisting of an optional registry , a repository , an optional tag , and an optional digest . if neither the tag nor digest are specified , tag will take on the default value of latest . constructs an image reference from the image reference components , consisting of an optional registry , a repository , an optional tag , and an optional digest . if neither the tag nor digest are specified , tag will take on the default value of latest .
verifies that cached layer corresponds to the first fake layer in # set up .
verifies that cached layer corresponds to the second fake layer in # set up .
the current position of the buffer that has been used by accumulate operations .
the mutable direct buffer that encapsulates the internal buffer .
returns the mount point the given path is nested under . - - - tests the temp block meta # get path ( ) method .
the property name must be of the form : [ form - name ] . [ component - name ] . [ validator - class ] .
check to see whether the compressed bitmaps contain the same data .
check to see whether the compressed bitmaps contain the same data .
tests that a cli call with a custom savepoint savepoint directory target is forwarded correctly to the jm .
creates a new core based on a core name , publishing the core state to the cluster
returns an id with the market data feed market data feed # no _ rule .
gets count of columns , keyed by the measure displayed in the column .
gets market data feed system that is the source of observable market data , for example bloomberg or reuters .
the meta - property for the market data feed property .
tests that failures are built for ids with no market data feed and the delegate builder is used for all others .
tests the correct market data feed is set when converting observable keys to ids
tests mapping of observable keys to ids when no market data feed is specified
gets the market data feed from which the market data should be retrieved .
the field name containing the data is field name # market _ value and the market data feed is market data feed # none .
returns an iterator over a snapshot copy of this group ' s collected events .
returns a snapshot of collected events in this group .
polls the messages for at most timeout time units and return a copy of what we have so far .
get the list of assignments in the gradebook in the specified site
scans the web application ' s subdirectory identified by root path , along with its subdirectories , for tlds . - - - log an error with trace log level . log an error with trace log level . returns the next available file item stream .
the / web - inf / classes and / web - inf / lib subdirectories are excluded from the search , as per the jsp version spec . - - - log an error with trace log level . log an error with trace log level . returns the next available file item stream .
returns an immutable map of the functions that must be provided by the environment running this model
returns an immutable map of functions that are part of this model .
note that the functions themselves are not copies and not immutable - they must be copied before modification .
check that the deprecated name " edge ngram " does not issues a deprecation error for indices created before version - - - stores the specified watch record . if the specified watch record already was stored this call will fail with a version conflict . format the message with the supplied arguments
check that the deprecated name " n gram " does not issues a deprecation warning for indices created before version .
translate targetfeatures _ en to htscontext _ en - - - getter en - - - getter for tier name
create a simple unindexed property value node with a null ( meaningless ) path
tests that older checkpoints are cleaned up .
sets the min standard deviation .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
set a list of template loaders that will be used to search for templates .
returns a consumer that checks that a particular druid query is generated to implement a query .
init .
the output value is the nodeid of the responsible node followed by serialized value returned by make value ( ) . starting at the given offset an int to the byte array starting
the most basic frame
this method is supposed to be invoked from abstract project # do build ( stapler request , stapler response ) . - - - returns the of this instance in milliseconds . alias for # get item ( string this is one used the url binding
gets the language customization id .
set the language customization id .
returned only for the best alternative and only with results marked as final .
returned only for the best alternative .
executes task in on when the server is ready
make sure that the image analyzer listeners get setup as early as possible , and do other setup stuff .
this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation on the image analyzer module class
note that this assumes that within the folder ' input folder ' 23 p - instances are located with their original name , i . e .
p01 , p02 , . . . , p12 .
tk retry can retry when initial take fails with ioexception , till retry count is reached .
changes the accessible accessibility and returns true if accessibility was changed
get the properties for a given group defined in the data schema as being stored in the accumulo timestamp column .
this method takes a store and the name of an aggregator iterator to be removed . - - - gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store . gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store .
the store ' s configured gaffer . accumulostore . key . iterator setting factory factory will be used to create the new aggregator iterator in the removed one ' s place - - - gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store . gets the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . accumulostore . key . accumulo key package in use by this accumulo store .
returns the upper deviations for each equation . - - - transforms a linear equation system describing linear dependencies derived on the normalized space into a linear equation system describing linear dependencies quantitatively adapted to the original space . copy a bitset . note : bits beyond mincap may be retained !
returns the deviations for each equation . - - - get common dimensionality of the two objects . throw an illegal argument exception otherwise . get an iterator the curve note : this is not a java style iterator , since the only way to positions is using " next " in java style . here , we can have two getters for current values ! instead , use this style of iteration : for ( xycurve . itr it = curve . iterator ( ) ; it . valid ( ) ; it . advance ( ) ) do something with ( it . get x ( ) , it . get y ( ) ) ; returns next element this enumeration if this enumeration object has at least one more element to provide . transforms a feature vector to original attribute ranges get a submatrix
creates an all different constraint holding on the subset of vars that satisfies the given condition
constructor to create port pair id from uuid .
constructor to create port pair id from string .
returns a new configuration that is this configuration augmented with modules induced by the service - use relation .
service binding works by examining all modules in the configuration and its parent layers with module descriptor # uses ( ) service - dependences .
returns an immutable set of the read dependences of the given module descriptor .
each root module is located using the given before finder and if not found , using the given after finder .
build a criterion that uses a sub - select to match the given tag restrictions - - - get the scheduler with the given name or the default if none found .
this function is called to refresh all conductors in ue
it expects a string with multiple paths , seperated by the system dependent path separator - - - splits a char sequence ( with whitespace as delimiter ) . similar to tokenize , but returns an array of string instead of a list . splits a char sequence ( with whitespace as delimiter ) . similar to tokenize , but returns an array of string instead of a list . adds a file to the classpath if it exists . adds a file to the classpath if it exists .
this scheduler engine will interleave the execution of num threads instances of the state machine .
the last state of a state - machine is special , it shuts - down the thread .
note that alpha and beta are not actually correctly recovered in this pon via mle because the biases drawn from a mixture of gamma distributions ( as opposed to a single gamma distribution as assumed in the model ) .
the is received from the controller after a remove failed node request is made .
class for showing synchronization errors
converts a rating index from 1 to 10 into a localized string representation .
any other value will return the local variant of " n / a " .
at first stage the only table in ii is fact table , todo : to extend to all tables
generate multi point to single point intent with filtered connection point . - - - returns the set of connectivity constraints .
tests compilation of the intent which designates two different ports on the same switch .
generate single point to multi point intent with filtered connection point . - - - returns the set of connectivity constraints .
adds out of memory handler to be used when an out of memory error is caught by hazelcast threads .
closes the given closeable .
the snippet has failed , return with the rejected event
returns the first available upload service .
deep - copy clone given keyed object and replace its key by given key .
helper method for # get nodes ( com . addthis . hydra . data . tree . read node , string )
locate connector and it ' s tooltip for given element
fits a polygons the found contours around binary blobs .
called after the event manager has finished processing the event .
converts an expression to java source code , optionally omitting extra type information in generics . - - - appends an expression to a list of statements , optionally optimizing if the expression is used more than once .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( order preserving )
add an initialization parameter to the set of parameter associated with this filter .
the length used bit .
sets the time offset .
returns the default loader class name of a cms mount point object .
returns the default loader id of a cms mount point object .
load synonyms from format , " format = solr " .
sets the ' use library ' libraries as dependencies .
optional call to warm the codec cache .
retrieves an collection of adapter specification in a given namespace that use the given template .
retrieves the adapter specification specified by the name in a given namespace .
register the supplied extension using the plain position # default default position .
if the extension is an extension point , it will be registered in this registry , unless an extension of the given type already exists in this registry . - - - register the supplied extension , without checking if an extension of that type has already been registered . semantics for source if an extension is registered declaratively via org . junit . jupiter . api . extension . extend with @ extend with , the source and the extension should be the same object . however , if an extension is registered programmatically via org . junit . jupiter . api . extension . register extension @ register extension , the source object should be the java . lang . reflect . field that is annotated with @ register extension . similarly , if an extension is registered programmatically as a lambda expression or method reference , the source object should be the underlying java . lang . reflect . method that implements the extension api .
some type 1 fonts have an invalid length1 , which causes the binary segment of the font to be truncated , see pdfbox - 2350 .
creates a message consumer resources with a shared session for non - transacted in only consumers .
registers a state change listener on the session manager . writing the snapshot to persist it and make it available for reads . snapshot writers must call this method to persist snapshot to disk . prior to completing a snapshot , failure and recovery of parent snapshot store will not result in recovery of this snapshot additionally , no # open reader ( ) readers can be created until has been completed schedules runnable at a fixed rate
does simplifications to const / let / var nodes . sets the jsdoc info attached to this node .
visits a union type element by calling visit unknown .
this implementation visits a union type by calling default action .
returns the port that the embedded servlet container should listen on .
returns the key ' s type element for a map given the annotation mirror of the key . .
gets the virtual machine extensions object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine extension images object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine sizes object to access its operations .
gets the virtual operations machines object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine images object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale set vms object to access its operations .
gets the usage operations object to access its operations .
gets the virtual machine scale sets object to access its operations .
gets the availability sets object to access its operations .
gets the management locks object to access its operations .
gets the features object to access its operations .
gets the tags operations object to access its operations .
gets the resources operations object to access its operations .
gets the resource operations groups object to access its operations .
gets the providers operations object to access its operations .
gets the deployment operations operations object to access its operations .
gets the provider operations metadata object to access its operations .
gets the deployments operations object to access its operations .
gets the resource provider operation details object to access its operations .
gets the subscriptions object to access its operations .
gets the tenants operations object to access its operations .
gets the storage accounts object to access its operations .
retrieve an entry from the configuration using an application name as an index .
refresh and reload the configuration by re - reading all of the login configurations .
for adding cc compilation contexts that affect compilation , e . g : from dependencies . - - - add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list . add certain elements from the given array at a certain position in this list .
adds a path to the list of recent files .
loads an extended property file and performs escaping / unescaping of " , " and " = " entries . - - - returns the value in the given xpath of the given xml file . puts the value into the map . puts the value into the map .
gets the cache for current cache id . - - - each benchmark must determine which cache will be used . gets grid for given test .
the default access type for the beans in this package .
see the connection state # lost doc for details .
get information about plugins ( jvm and site plugins ) .
returns true if e1 and e2 have equal stack traces and their causes are recursively equal ( by the same definition ) .
retrieves the base32 - encoded totp key associated with user having the given user context . - - - returns the user whose access rights control the operations of this user context .
if no totp key is associated with the user , null is returned . - - - returns the user whose access rights control the operations of this user context .
submits an operation to the raft cluster .
navigates to first clause in # clause .
update timer and sets elapsed time .
reference to the rest response channel that can be used to return responses to the client .
at this point the required rest request handler and rest response handler are obtained and the same instances are used throughout the lifetime of the channel .
invokes the service method .
sets the specified optional conditions .
sets the specified mandatory not conditions .
sets the specified mandatory conditions .
returns the lucene query represented by this using the specified schema .
returns the names of the post processing fields .
sets the specified sort .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as queries .
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as filters .
set new data source to be used by webcam .
parses the http response headers to create a new account object .
returns next pre values .
indexes the specified token and pre value .
indexes the specified token and pre value . - - - compares two tokens lexicographically . compares two tokens lexicographically . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
if the token has already been indexed , its pre value is added to the existing value array . - - - compares two tokens lexicographically . compares two tokens lexicographically . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) . test method for bit array # set ( int ) .
writes an integer value to the specified array and . - - - test method . test method for bit # set ( int )
resizes the specified array by 12 , % . - - - copies
writes the specified length in the first bytes of the specified array .
writes an integer value to the specified byte array .
creates an array with the specified value .
creates a new number array , in which the first four bytes contain the array size .
reads and decompresses an integer value from the specified byte array .
starts the application with the specified bean class .
filter must have the same size , hash function count and n tweak or an exception will be thrown .
gets a navigation entry for a section ( folder ) .
api to access an space preference as a int number there can be one preference object per language this function will find the right preference object associated to the current active language if no preference is found it will look for the xwiki preference
returns an empty mutable builder for building a new instance of market environment .
adds and loads glyphs for an osu file ' s unicode title and artist strings . - - - queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . queues the glyphs in the specified text to be loaded . note that the glyphs are not actually loaded until # load glyphs ( ) is called . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded . loads up to the specified number of queued glyphs to the backing textures . this is typically called from the game loop to load glyphs on the fly that were requested for display but have not yet been loaded .
create the mocks and find the fields annotated with test subject mocks
the length of the array that was sorted - - - returns the number vectors stored in
return the key corresponding to the inclusive lower bound for path . - - - the metadata for the managed scale - out index . among other things , this gets used determine how we serialize keys and values ikey array procedures when we serialize a procedure to be sent to a remote idata service
given date , convert this instance to a regular expression triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass
given date , convert this instance to a regular expression triggers an e - mail to be sent . perform smtpappender specific appending actions , delegating some of them to a subclass
creates a exo player instance .
indicate if data field can be
computes the k - nearest neighbors of a given object in a given database . - - - inserts the specified reel vector object into this index .
the following field names are reserved and will be filtered out if present after normalization : ` id ` , ` score ` , ` highlight ` , and any field with the prefix of : ` _ ` , ` + ` , or ` - ` fields with empty name values after normalization are filtered out before indexing . - - - gets the query . a query search returns all documents in your data set with full enrichments and full text , but with the most relevant documents listed first . use a query search when you want to find the most relevant search results .
if this parameter not specified then all top level field are included .
attempts to extract the name of the parent stream segment for the given transaction segment .
this method returns a valid value only if the batch stream segment name was generated using the generate transaction stream segment name method .
attempts to map a transaction segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) .
attempts to map a transaction stream segment to its parent stream segment ( and assign an id in the process ) .
the segment aggregator contains a stream segment seal operation or merge operation ( has seal pending = = true )
executes a merger of a transaction segment into this one .
this stream segment is stand - alone ( not a transaction ) .
the next outstanding operation is a merge operation for a transaction stream segment of this stream segment .
the entire contents of the given transaction segment will be concatenated to this stream segment as one unit .
the given transaction segment will cease to exist .
transaction that batches are mapped to the same container as their parents .
given a list of log operations , calculates the final lengths of the stream segments that are encountered , by inspecting every stream segment append operation and merge transaction operation .
updates the given container metadata to have a number of transactions mapped to the given stream segment ids .
a set of stream segment seal and merge batch operations ( based on the batch ids and merge transaction arg ) .
tests the accept method with merge transaction operations .
tests the merging of transactions into their parent stream segments .
parses and returns a name .
creates a new state machine for the given state model .
block until the condition is opened or until timeout milliseconds have passed .
replaces the icon of a pushbutton with an image . - - - sets the icon as an image . removes the field value . adds an annotation of form field in a specific page . this page number can be overridden with pdf annotation # set place in page ( int ) . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . removes a pdf object and its key from the pdf dictionary . store a custom context for the given key . store a custom context for the given key .
resets the field value .
this won ' t have any effect , unless you use set field ( " f " ) ; after changing the property .
get the current playback info for this session .
media session compat # playback _ type _ local media session compat # playback _ type _ remote
overridden to handle the encoding of the iv for the index .
factory for term ids .
factory for term . - - - create a fully formed key the terms index from the vte , the hash code of the bigdata value , and the hash collision counter
factory for term ids .
factory for mock magic tuples based on mock term ids .
random term id .
build a mapping between number and its indices .
lists virtual - machine - sizes available in a location for a subscription .
lists virtual - machine - sizes available to be used for a virtual machine .
creates new criteria entry for location bbox bounding box
this will not find inner types , however
sets a new text cursor position .
returns the measure displayed in the column for the target . - - - gets the measure to be calculated . gets the measure to be calculated .
macro for payloadtermquery .
adds an element was added to the document .
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various neural nets and output layer
returns a 1 x m vector where the vector is composed of a flattened vector of all of the weights for the various neural nets ( w , hbias not vbias ) and output layer - - - reshape the input variable to the specified ( fixed ) shape . the output variable will have the same values as the input , but with the specified shape . note that prod ( shape ) must match length ( input ) = = prod ( input . shape ) reshape the input variable to the specified ( fixed ) shape . the output variable will have the same values as the input , but with the specified shape . note that prod ( shape ) must match length ( input ) = = prod ( input . shape )
this involves computing the activations , tracking the last layers weights to revert to in case of convergence , the learning rate being used to iterate and the current epoch neural
neural nets class for initializing the layers based on the input . for informations . informations are showed in console void info ( string oinfo ) this method is input for informations . informations are in console and saved in file
method to freeze a bvalue , to disallow further modification .
the same partition key must be used while sending these events using event hub client # send ( iterable ) .
perform this chain of actions on the . - - - performs a chain of touch actions , which together can be considered an entire gesture . see the webriver 3 spec https : / / dvcs . w3 . org / hg / webdriver / raw - file / default / webdriver - spec . html it ' s more convenient to call the perform ( ) method of the touch action object itself . all the existing touch action parameters will be wiped out after method is called . performs a touch actions , which together can be considered an entire gesture . see webriver 3 spec https : / / dvcs w3 . org / hg / webdriver / raw file / default / webdriver spec . html it ' s more convenient to call the perform ( ) method the action object itself . all the existing touch action parameters will wiped out after this method is called
tell whether this plugin can be uploaded to its update site note : this does not check whether the plugin is locally modified .
get the name of the content author of the currently rendered content . - - - note that this method cannot be removed for now since it ' s used by hibernate for saving a xwiki document . lookup a xwiki component by role ( uses the default hint ) . lookup a xwiki component by role ( uses the default hint ) .
gets the mutable bounded value for the amount of " duration " remaining before the " expiration " occurs .
returns the unique key of this configuration subject class .
get specific network configuration for a subject .
upload specific network configuration for a key subject .
upload mutliple network configurations for a subject .
get all network configuration for a subject .
clear specific network configuration for a subject key .
returns the subject factory for the specified class
invokes command callback # on success ( command message , object ) with given result on the wrapped callback .
returns the serialized meta data for which this message is a reply .
returns the result type of the serialized result for which this message is a reply .
returns the result revision of the serialized result for which this message is a reply .
if both a regular expression and a path pattern are specified the path pattern is used and the regular expression is ignored .
constructs an aspect configured . assembles the full command line as a list . a new runfiles instance . returned object is either : manifest - based , meaning it looks up runfile paths from manifest file , or directory - based , meaning it looks up runfile paths under a given directory path if env contains " runfiles _ manifest _ only " with value " 1 " , this method returns a manifest - based implementation the manifest ' s path is defined by the " runfiles _ manifest _ file " key ' s value in env . otherwise this method directory - based implementation . the directory ' s path is defined by the value in env under the " _ dir " key , or if absent , then under the " java _ runfiles " key note about performance : implementation eagerly reads and caches the whole upon instantiation parameters for evaluation of the aspect
in the example in the introduction , the class is list not array list .
fill all # cache _ names . - - - return the name of this custom tag . creates a range list containing numbers in given range . creates a range list containing numbers in given range .
configuration by name . - - - sets client data affinity for this configuration . affinity allows to contact exactly the node where the data is and therefore avoiding extra network hops . use grid client partition affinity as default affinity communication to work with remote partitioned caches . sets client data affinity for this configuration . affinity allows to contact exactly the node where the data is and therefore avoiding extra network hops . use grid client partition affinity as default affinity communication to work with remote partitioned caches . sets number of nodes used to back up single partition for mode # partitioned cache if not set , default value is # dflt _ backups . number of nodes used to back up single partition cache mode # partitioned cache if not set , default value # dflt _ backups
the entire volume of the given extent should be populated .
test of autoconf analyzer # file <INSERT_END> <DELETE> - - - checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . <DELETE_END> extension . - - - checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported . checks all analyzers to see if an extension is supported .
increments the sender ' s high _ seqno by 1 .
convert an ndarray to a matrix .
returns the given value in nanocoins as a version type string down to 100 mikes
adapted from file upload base . get file name ( ) - - - sets the flag if parameter names are to be converted to lower case when name / value pairs are parsed . parses any json - parseable object , returning the value .
called when an item of the quality selector is selected menu
test whether the parser reads minimal sequences .
the sequence prototype was generated by writing in embl format a sequence initially read from a fasta dnafile ( " > lcl | test . 0 | no sequence " ) .
read an uniprot dnafile , return a rich sequence
get paperiod type .
set paperiod type .
generate code that loads this node to the stack .
pop a type from the existing stack , ensuring that it is numeric , assert if not
get the property
register a properties assigned to the this object in this function .
get the label name
checks whether a given target is a jump destination that lies outside a given split node
gets snapshots from repository
restores new
adds an int to the bottom of the context list
add an int at the top of the context list
adds a context line to the bottom of the context list
adds a context line at the top of the context list
appends a " . html " suffix to the given resource name if no suffix is present and the append suffix option is checked .
returns document counts for each partition .
returns documents grouped by topics .
the directory structure of seafile on external storage is like this :
min video if no value was set , return - 1
find and return an appropriate attribute parser for a set of parameters , or return null .
insert / delete operations on a trie structure leaves unnecessary nodes , this method scans the cache and removes them .
create a new sslsocket factory based on the provided configuration .
close the closeable objects and ignore any exception or null pointers .
selects methods that are not constructors .
see # emit and aggregate changes ( identity , long , time unit , scheduler ) .
this is a variant of collapse operator ( see # collapse ( comparator ) ) , that accepts nested lists of change notifications .
it is equivalent to joining sub lists into single list and applying # collapse ( comparator ) transformation , but by combining both steps it is more efficient .
a xml page filename in the , using the request attributes as cache . - - - returns the open cms request context the current user this bean was initialized with . usage example on a jsp with the el : the current uri is : $ cms : vfs ( page context ) . request context . uri factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml page instance from a string that contains xml data . when unmarshalling , the encoding is read directly from the xml header . the given encoding is used only when marshalling the xml again later . factory method to unmarshal ( read ) a xml page instance from a string that contains xml data . when unmarshalling , the encoding is read directly from the xml header . the given encoding is used only when marshalling the xml again later . replaces a attibute ' s value given node addressed by x path replaces a attibute ' s value in given node addressed by x path
depending on the case it might be one of the two provided objects or their merge result .
returns right resizable element id .
returns left resizable element id .
returns the first sprite found with the specified name .
this method uses string comparison to find the sprite , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method every frame .
returns all sprites found with the specified name , ordered by smallest to largest atlas region # get index ( ) index .
this method uses string comparison to find the sprite , so the result should be cached rather than calling this method every frame .
returns the region ' s height in pixels .
returns the region ' s width in pixels .
assign text characteristics to a ( collection of ) textual glyphs
manually assign a shape to a glyph - - - reports the parts of this system . convenient way to build a collection of shapes . add a shape interpretation based on a provided glyph .
returns a list of meta information about all runs of the given type .
create a new dependency from an image stream . - - - reads a specific integer byte value ( 4 bytes ) from the input byte buffer at the given offset . gets the string value for the given key . gets the string value for the given key . gets the string value for the given key .
stores the configuration configuration object to the target
starts both a master and a worker using the default test configurations .
applies a route for an interceptor if an exchange is routed to the given endpoint
creates and adds an interceptor that is triggered when an exchange is routed to the given endpoint
factory returning the singleton instance .
set rohertragspreis profit .
get profit .
sets the correct type .
if neither the adaptor or one of its delegates is an instance of the specified type , null is returned .
the method validates connections between inputs and outputs of modules participated in rule .
end of the . inserts an item into the list box , specifying its direction and an initial value for the item . if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length , then the item will be appended to the end of the list
inserts an item into the list box , its direction . - - - inserts and an initial value for the item if the index is less than zero , or greater than or equal to the length of the list , then the item will be appended to the end of the list .
generates a list of grade records .
for assignment grade records , the number of points earned is equal to the index of the grade record in the list .
returns the mean score for students with entered grades .
returns true if field temp ufs file id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
creates a try expression representing a try block with any number of catch statements and a finally block .
creates a unary expression that represents a throwing of an exception .
upcalled from native when tracing to get fd of the # trace file stream .
creates an json path configuration that uses the specified object deserializer as default .
returns the log level .
sets the log name , returning the configuration for method chaining . - - - sets the serializer name .
sets the log level .
initializes the log .
add the selected features to a full text example set
sets the output directory for the report .
get access to the throwable of the exception
get a list of granted authorities based on the current user ' s j2 ee roles .
searches separately for types and values , since these are in different namespaces .
wrap arguments in double quotes if they contain any of : space ? , ; ^ & | " or % followed by a letter .
hudson does not seem to require this extra escaping so it is not added by this method .
a % followed by a letter has that letter wrapped in double quotes , to avoid possible variable expansion .
it consults registered commands and looks for the builder command annotation .
gets a list of types depended on by this input , but does not attempt to regenerate the dependency information .
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter punc .
this does not mean that the traverser is " dead , " only that it has successfully passed through the traversal .
are we showing all posts with a specific tag , or all posts in a specific blog ?
gets the generator given a annotations definition .
sets tags ( and value pairs ) to the assessment specified by the assessment arn . - - - invokes a lambda function . you can invoke a function synchronously wait for the response ) , or asynchronously . to invoke a function asynchronously , set invocation type to event . for synchronous invocation , details about the function response , including errors , are included in the response body and headers . for either invocation type , you can find more information in the execution log and trace . when an error occurs , your function may be invoked multiple times . retry behavior varies by error type , client , event source , and invocation type . for example , if you invoke a function asynchronously and it returns an error , lambda executes the function up to two more times . for more information , see retry behavior . for asynchronous invocation , lambda adds events to a queue before sending them to your function . if your function does not have enough capacity to keep up with the queue , events may be lost . occasionally , your function may receive the same event multiple times , even if no error occurs . to retain events that were not processed , configure your function with a dead letter queue . the status code in the api response doesn ' t reflect function errors . error codes are reserved for errors that prevent your function from executing , such as permissions errors , limit errors , or issues with your function ' s code and configuration . for example , lambda returns too many requests exception if executing the function would cause you to exceed a concurrency limit at either the account level ( concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) or function level ( reserved function concurrent invocation limit exceeded ) . for functions with a long timeout , your client might be disconnected during synchronous invocation while it waits for a response . configure your http client , sdk , firewall , proxy , or operating system to allow for long connections with timeout or keep alive settings . this operation requires permission for the : invoke action
brute - force refresh of refreshable . . if the attribute referred by this path operand already exists , the returned object represents the value replacement of the current attribute by the value of evaluating the specified if not exists function
on the assumption that left child ( entry ) and right child ( entry ) satisfy the heap property , make sure that the heap at entry satisfies this property by possibly percolating the element o downwards .
and reads them into a linked hash map ( order preserving )
returns true if field std out is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
returns true if field log dir zip written is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
prepend a statements to the statements list
flag this node as resolved , i . e .
a better " is block indirectly getting powered ( ) " that doesn ' t load chunks .
we need to handle all the cases and parse the function name into a capture node model .
returns the current audio format used by this microphone .
creates an alcontext , the specified device and attributes . - - - sets the specified alcapabilities for the current process - wide open al context . if the current thread had a context current ( see # set current thread ) , those alcapabilities are cleared . any open al functions called in the current thread , or any threads that have no context current , will use the specified alcapabilities . makes a context current with respect to open al operation . the context parameter can be null or a valid context pointer . null results in no context being current , which is useful when shutting open al down . operation will apply to the that the context was created for . for each os process ( usually this means for each application ) , only one context can be current at any given time . all al commands apply to the current context . commands that affect objects shared among contexts ( e . g . buffers ) have side effects on other contexts . destroys a context . the correct way to destroy a context is to first release it using alc make current with a null context . applications should not attempt to destroy a current context C doing so will not work will result in an alc _ invalid _ operation error all sources within a will automatically be deleted during context destruction
creates an device .
the java 8 / 9 spliterator for array list . sublist ( ) is currently not late - binding ( url ) .
we ' d get test failures because of this when we run on java 8 / 9 with spliterator delegation enabled .
takes the raw bytes from the digest and formats them correct .
creates a widget according to its uidl .
resolves uidl tag name to class .
overridden to finalize ; always returns # get resource location ( ) .
a hook that customizes price .
returns the modifiable list of parameters .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
creates a token stream which tokenizes all the text in the provided reader .
sets the menu panels ' s width .
if it ' s not set explicitly then it will be calculated depending on the menu width .
returns an field mapper which has the given index name .
correctly resolves nested paths such as " / products / view . html " as well . - - - return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate . return the index of the first byte in this buffer that matches the given predicate .
provide an async web request to use to start .
stops the local service ' s subprocess and any possible thread listening for its output .
the notification should be ongoing . - - - returns the current state playback state of the player . playback will proceed when # get playback state ( ) = = # state _ ready . forces an update of if already started
find the best package installer for the given repo package .
open inverse : open _ inverse sexpr close ;
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it compares only the instant of the date - time .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to in that it compares the only the instant of the date - time .
this method differs from the comparison in # compare to and # equals in that it compares only the instant of the date - time .
decodes value object from the provided url fragment
encodes parameters into a url fragment and append that to the provided url buffer .
get enumeration of header _ names .
returns if a directory is empty , or contains nothing besides a subdirectory named plugins
sets the listener to receive video events .
sets an output to receive text renderer .
checks for the next item .
executes the command .
this must be called from the transport thread , since the listener is called back directly .
this method is used for merging and uses atomic reader # doc values ( string ) by default .
this method is sugar for getting an atomic index reader from an index reader of any kind .
filters a nested set of resource containers that contain dependencies of the current rule . - - - returns the order used by this builder . this is useful for testing for incompatibilities ( via order # is compatible ) without catching an unchecked exception from # add transitive . assembles the full command line as a list .
returns whether or not the same security context factory will be used each time # get context ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get context ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
that is determined by the factory implementation .
sets whether or not the same security context factory will be used each time # get context ( ) is called .
note : this does not determine whether or not each call to # get context ( ) returns a cached security context each time .
if there is a problem starting a service , the program terminates with an exit code of 1 .
the following options are supported :
the following options are supported :
redirects the input and output .
by default , system . in , out and err are used .
redirects the input and output .
by default , system . in , out and err are used .
serialize blob properties to buffer in the # - - - put an element into the queue . put an element into the queue .
returns the local port of the first connector found for the jetty server .
generate individual predicates form the overall where . - - - joins given keys with the separator
generate one aggregation string for the given column . - - - returns the current size of the map , zero if the map is empty .
gets the instance of feedback messages model to use .
enables / disables a button in the specified panel . enables / disables a button in the specified panel . returns the output text .
we do not infinitely loop on bad inputs if there is no such key , it moves to the key that would naturally proceed it ( i . e .
issue ref : ranges mapping string
wstring ref : ranges mapping
issue ref : ranges mapping string
issue ref : ranges mapping string
rewrites itself to either scalar updater , or to the more generic non scalar updater .
set the path to the tesseract executable , needed if it is not on system path .
set the path to the image magick executable , needed if it is not on system path .
object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ; sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( string member , object value , & # 64 ; cached library ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ;
installs a register macro substitution . ( string , object value , & # 64 ; cached library " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this , member , value ) ; sets the value of an existing property or adds a new property if no such property exists . a newly added property will have flags 0 ; flags of existing properties will not be changed . use # put with flags to set property flags as well . usage example : & # 64 ; export message object write member ( ( " this " ) dynamic object library obj lib ) obj lib . put ( this member , value )
feeds the module through the available module postprocessors .
feeds the module through the available module preprocessors .
please note that calling this method does not cause the source # get code ( ) code of this source to be loaded .
notifies this delegating repository that the given dependent repository has invalidated resources of the given types - - - clears bits ( sets to false .
stops the timer that manages animated icon . - - - stop notifications . selects given configuration form if it exists in this container loads an image from a given bytes array
set separator the input file will be split on
the failure cause .
returns a string containing the contents of this byte string in hex .
the will override previous value
sets the maximum number of connections to be used for the given host config . - - - stores the authentication state with the given authentication scope in the cache .
sets the default maximum number of connections allowed for a given host config .
gets the maximum number of connections to be used for a particular host config .
if the value has not been specified for the given host the default value will be returned .
same as # update state ( schedule status , closure ) , but uses a identity mutation .
same as # update state ( schedule status , function , optional ) , but omits the audit message .
same as # update state ( schedule status , closure , optional ) , but uses a identity mutation .
we use a special tag name when storing search results in the reader post table
validity checks code generation by performing it once , parsing the result , then generating code from the second parse tree to verify that it matches the code generated from the first parse tree .
this method constructs the application user interface by instantiating controls and hooking up event listeners .
create a text box example that includes the text box and optional listener that updates a label with the currently selected . - - - adds a key up event handler . adds a listener interface to receive keyboard events . adds a listener to receive click events on the suggest ' s text box . source widget for these events will be the suggest . click
call all history listeners with the specified token .
get page .
run the assertion while ignite nodes keep failing / recovering 10 times . - - - remove one random node . remove one random node . restore one of the failed nodes . restore one of the failed nodes . awaits for partitiona map exchage . sets value . sets value . runs application master . reuse or gather new partition statistics according to context and repository state . save partition statistcs and obsolescence info back to repository if needed . sets value . sets value . sets value . check that the passed object is null .
obtain a runtime delegate instance using the method described in # get instance .
extract a field from an object and convert to something suitable to be stored in the database .
the returned http handler can be adapted to run in adapter
set the colors used in the progress animation . - - - sets the color scheme colors of the progress drawable , which is equivalent to calling circular progress drawable # set color scheme colors ( int . . . ) method on background drawable of this layout .
set the color resources used in the progress color from color resources . scheme colors progress , which is equivalent to calling circular progress drawable # set color scheme colors ( int . . ) method on background drawable this layout
returns the sql statement which retrieves all the sakai sessions from the sakai _ session table based on a join column and criteria .
gets the first # cutoff artifacts ( relative to # get artifacts dir ( ) .
adds a external course section ( a decorated group ) to a site .
prints a formatted string to the log stream .
returns the node address .
sets the node address .
requests a bootstrap from the given address .
returns the test service for the given address or null if none has been created .
returns the given handler for the given address .
returns a new test messaging service for the given address .
sets the messaging address .
sets the rest service address .
traverses the tree in a specific order .
set from the request content type the multipart data boundary .
ensures that the position attributes of the children of this node are correct .
sets the node metadata .
adds a metadata to the node .
returns the node metadata .
returns the node metadata .
sets the node metadata .
currently seems to be requried because currently the client startup procedure needs to be decomposed more .
returns the primitive configs configuration .
sets the primitive configs configuration .
out for / let clauses .
returns the request methods of this request key .
if it was , throws an exception .
returns the server domain .
sets the server domain .
returns the server domain .
returns the server domain .
returns the domain domain which received the call .
sets the domain .
for given component . - - - sets the part of the notification message . sets the icon part of the notification message . requests that the table should be repainted as soon as possible . note that a table does not necessarily repaint its contents when this method has been called . see # refresh row cache ( ) forcing an update of the contents
extended to write the configuration file in the service directory .
note : a canonical name entry is added .
note : the service uuid attribute is added .
factory method returns an object that may be used to start an new instance of the service for the specified path .
the name of the host on which the server is running ( best effort during startup and unchanging thereafter ) .
a configured name for the service - or - if no name was found in the configuration .
routes an incoming request by calling internals . accept request . - - - wraps and enqueues an unwrapped request in the requester ' s inbox .
normalizes the expression as normalized path . - - - test method . normalizes a converts backslashes and removes duplicate and leading slashes returns null if the contains invalid characters
checks nodes for duplicate attributes and namespace conflicts .
aggressive value : objects have no definitions .
for example , in the case of jdo object store , downcast to persistence capable and ' look inside ' its state .
appender skeleton , the only recognized options is option
delete the given task item caller should keep no references to the bundle to ensure that it is not modified later .
normalize and validate the given value according to the given io . crate . data type - - - format a binary value . this is used by terms aggregations to format keys for fields that use binary doc value representations such as the keyword and ip fields . returns snapshot name
response headers before . - - - returns the bi function to use to sanitize request trailers response
if checking is in progress , return completion 0 - 100 , else return 100 .
assertion errors will be suppressed if the execution is not happening within the given timebox .
will try to find a value for the given key in the given cache or produce one using the given producer and store it in the cache . - - - return true if there is a password present , otherwise false . get the expired object set the value of a hash hash key .
delegates to the url path helper for decoding the context path .
returns true if call is call to and the to / from cast types are of multiset types
for every " - processor " argument in args , replace its immediate successor argument using as checker unshorthand names
find the jar file or directory containing the . class file from which cls was loaded
resource = variable modifiers opt type variable declarator id = expression
returns the current minimal update frequency setting
services should call this between processing iterations to get current setting and use the setting to change notification and data refresh intervals
reactivate run the scheduled generators until the given generator is ready to run .
adds file types useful for testing this class to the in - memory mapping of file type names to predefined file types .
similar to # get ( long ) but throws an exception if no recovery is found
gets the recovery target for a given id .
called a bit later on during server initialization to finish loading mods
empty text field on resume
- w classname - - - utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the number of bins sets the number of bins utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
- t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
( default 10 ) - - - utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the number of bins sets the number of bins utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value sets the classifier to use returns the secondary set of options ( if any ) contained in the supplied options array . the secondary set is defined to be any options after the first " - - " . these options are removed from the original options array . utility method for retrieving the value of an option from a list of options . returns null if the option to get isn ' t present in the list , an empty string if it is but no value has been specified ( i . e . option is a flag ) or the value of the option . format is : option name = option value creates a new instance of a estimatorr given it ' s class name and ( optional ) arguments to pass to it ' s set options method . if the estimator implements option handler and the options parameter is non - null , the estimator will have it ' s options set .
format task logs into a list of maps for jade to interpret easily .
rewinds the iterator to the beginning of the cached list .
supports mixed escaped delimiters and escaped escape characters
informs the truffle dsl that a primitive long value can be used in all specializations where a big integer is expected . - - - create a tri state from a boxed boolean explicitely checking for null and returning # undefined .
for example , we do not want big integer # equals in compiled code but behind a truffle boundary ) .
the big slbig type of
this specialization is automatically selected by the truffle dsl if both the left and right operand are big integer values .
mark whether or not stream is uninteresting .
the peer recovery state if this shard recovered from a peer shard .
httl . properties : foreach . variable = foreach
prunes the set of users in the model , by retaining only users that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , that have arrived recently . - - - given ids that are part of a new model and whose values are going to be sent later , retain only ids are also in the new model ( or been seen - - possibly since last model was built ) , and remove the rest removes all ids that are mapped to a feature vector from a
prunes the set of items in the model , by retaining only items that are expected to appear in the upcoming model updates , that have arrived recently . - - - given ids that are part of a new model and whose values are going to be sent later , retain only ids are also in the new model ( or been seen - - possibly since last model was built ) , and remove the rest removes all ids that are mapped to a feature vector from a
does any rule for the given language use the multifile framework ?
does any rule for the given language use the multifile framework ?
reset data stream after decryption , remove redundant bytes .
construct a lock .
this method will add a create event if the block is new ( is new block ) .
implements # remove block tree ( block ) , events . - - - remove a block from the workspace . recursively unlinks models from the views , and disconnects the view tree including clearing the parent block group . recursively unlinks models from the views , and disconnects the view tree including clearing the parent block group . adds event to the list of pending events . if this is called outside of a call to # group and fire events , the event will be fired immediately , as its own group . add pending event ( must be called from the main thread / looper
change # rename variable ( string , string ) , without firing events . thread / looper .
whether the task should directly publish data to the publisher output dir . commit _
bulk loads the mapping from term to term identifier for pre - sorted , non - duplicate , non - known terms into a new index segment written on out file .
decorate a given command .
adds a series of input artifacts .
neither the location nor the organization tags should be overridden , since neither
returns the ( cached ) subscription store used by this servlet .
sets the subscription store used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
returns the subscription store or null for none .
returns the subscription store used to make subscription requests , or null for none .
subclasses may override if specific behavior is required .
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . combine ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . none ( ) . plus ( add , maybe . none ( ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( add , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
maybe . of ( 10 ) . plus ( first non null , maybe . of ( 10 ) ) ;
gets the instruction that produces the first input to this comparison .
gets the instruction that produces the second input to this comparison .
gets the instruction that produces the result for the return .
gets the instruction that provides the input value to this switch .
gets the instruction which produces the exception to throw .
test directory creation .
test file and directory creation .
this reproduces the effect of new component type [ size ] .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied double .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - returns the unique instance of class that represents this object ' s class . note that get class ( ) is a special case in that it actually returns class where foo is the erasure of the type of the expression get class ( ) was called upon . as an example , the following code actually compiles , although one might think it shouldn ' t : list l = new array list ( ) ; class c = l . get class ( ) ;
this reproduces the effect of array . length
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied float .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command to a supplied short integer .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied long .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command to the supplied byte value .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value . - - - sets the value of the specified parameter in the row set command with the supplied integer .
this reproduces the effect of array [ index ] = value .
returns a time zone suitable for id , or gmt on failure .
returns an editor for the entry named key , be output ) before flush ( ) is stream . note : if there is need to close start tag ( so no more attribute ( calls are allowed ) but without flushing call method text ( ) with empty string ( text ( " " ) )
a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the ip type .
normalizes a uri , ensuring the first character starts with a / .
returns the tab color .
create a test object .
client get state or whatever to cancel itself : this does not do anything apart from set a flag !
gg . - - - sets protocol for secure transport . if not specified , # dflt _ ssl _ protocol will be used . sets list of server addresses where router ' s embedded should connect sets the marshaller to use for communication . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored . callback to notify that future is finished . note that if non null exception is passed in the result value will be ignored
obtains an instance of offset date from a date provider . - - - obtains a mock simple period from an amount and unit . the parameters represent the two parts of a phrase like ' 6 days ' .
get unsupported sql test cases .
if the string is undefined , returns the label itself .
convenience method for to xmp ( collection , output stream ) returning a string containing the xmp - metadata of the given collection of bibtex entries .
spaces in keys are replaced by underscores ( _ ) .
sizes ( virtual _ size and disk _ size ) are returned in bytes
paths ( image and backing _ file ) are the absolute path to the file
look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep dependencies which aren ' t in it but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter . - - - look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter . look through the tree t and adds to the list basic dep additional dependencies which aren ' t in the list but which satisfy the filter punc typed dep filter .
this is called to place a collection of objects into the cache .
creates a new direct candidate generator
divide router limit by 2 for overhead . - - - coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits coordinate this router ' s bandwidth limits
returns the root path .
does not wait for the new page to be loaded .
finds the row id number of a course based on course id
does not wait for the new page to be loaded .
finds the row id number of a specific evaluation based on the course id and evaluation
return an avro representation of the bytes in this byte string . - - - append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection . append a value to the path keys collection .
this prints the stack trace of the to the given
this prints the stack trace of the to the given
we don ' t want to ever auto - wire the connection factory from the spring app context .
returns a collection of legend items for the chart . - - - returns an iterator for the outlier lists . returns the year following this one . no matter what time zone and locale this instance was created with , the returned instance will use the default calendar for time calculations , obtained with regular time period # get calendar instance ( ) . sets dataset for the plot and sends a change event to all registered listeners . returns an iterator for the outlier lists . sets a dataset for the plot and sends a change event to all registered listeners . sets the series key . sets the series index for this item
amount ensures that within any group of units with a common base , the smaller units will all have values between zero and that of the next larger unit . field is not supported or for some other reason , an exception is thrown . in some cases , changing specified field can cause the resulting date - time to become invalid , such as changing the month from 31st january to february would make the day - of - month invalid . in cases like this , the field is responsible for resolving the date . typically it will choose the previous valid date , which would be the last valid day of february in this example . if the field is a chrono field then the adjustment is implemented here . the instant _ seconds field will return a date - time with the specified instant . the zone and nano - of - second are unchanged . the result will have an offset derived from the new instant and original zone . if the new instant value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the offset _ seconds field will typically be ignored . the offset of a zoned date time is controlled primarily by the time - zone . as such , changing the offset does not generally make sense , because there is only one valid offset for the local date - time and zone . if the zoned date - time is in a daylight savings overlap , then the offset is used to switch between the two valid offsets . in all other cases , the offset is ignored . if the new offset value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the other # is supported ( temporal field ) supported fields will behave as per the matching method on local date time # with ( temporal field , long ) local date time . the zone is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged . when converting back to zoned date time , if the local date - time is in an overlap , then the offset will be retained if possible , otherwise the earlier offset will be used . if in a gap , the local date - time will be adjusted forward by the length of the gap . all other chrono field instances will throw an unsupported temporal type exception . if the field is not a chrono field , then the result of this method is obtained by invoking temporal field . adjust into ( temporal , long ) passing this as the argument . in this case , the field determines whether and how to adjust the instant . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified field set to a new value . this returns a zoned date time , based on this one , with the value for the specified field changed . this can be used to change any supported field , such as the field is not supported or for some other reason , an exception is thrown . in some cases , changing specified field can cause the resulting date - time to become invalid , such as changing the month from 31st january to february would make the day - of - month invalid . in cases like this , the field is responsible for resolving the date . typically it will choose the previous valid date , which would be the last valid day of february in this example . if the field is a chrono field then the adjustment is implemented here . the instant _ seconds field will return a date - time with the specified instant . the zone and nano - of - second are unchanged . the result will have an offset derived from the new instant and original zone . if the new instant value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the offset _ seconds field will typically be ignored . the offset of a zoned date time is controlled primarily by the time - zone . as such , changing the offset does not generally make sense , because there is only one valid offset for the local date - time and zone . if the zoned date - time is in a daylight savings overlap , then the offset is used to switch between the two valid offsets . in all other cases , the offset is ignored . if the new offset value is outside the valid range then a date time exception will be thrown . the other # is supported ( temporal field ) supported fields will behave as per the matching method on local date time # with ( temporal field , long ) local date time . the zone is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged . when converting back to zoned date time , if the local date - time is in an overlap , then the offset will be retained if possible , otherwise the earlier offset will be used . if in a gap , the local date - time will be adjusted forward by the length of the gap . all other chrono field instances will throw an unsupported temporal type exception . if the field is not a chrono field , then the result of this method is obtained by invoking temporal field . adjust into ( temporal , long ) passing this as the argument . in this case , the field determines whether and how to adjust the instant . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified period added . this method returns a new date - time based on this date - time with the specified period added . this can be used to add any period that is defined by a unit , for example to add years , months or days . the unit is responsible for the details of the calculation , including the resolution of any edge cases in the calculation . the calculation for date and time units differ . date units operate on the local time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of local ( local date time , zone id , zone offset ) with the offset before the addition . time units operate on the instant time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of instant ( local date time , zone offset , zone id ) with the offset before the addition . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call . returns a copy of this date - time with the specified period added . this method returns a new date - time based on this date - time with the specified period added . this can be used to add any period that is defined by a unit , for example to add years , months or days . the unit is responsible for the details of the calculation , including the resolution of any edge cases in the calculation . the calculation for date and time units differ . date units operate on the local time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of local ( local date time , zone id , zone offset ) with the offset before the addition . time units operate on the instant time - line . the period is first added to the local date - time , then converted back to a zoned date - time using the zone id . the conversion uses # of instant ( local date time , zone offset , zone id ) with the offset before the addition . this instance is immutable and unaffected by this method call .
gets the stored fields to load and return .
gets the stored fields to load and return as part of the search request .
evaluates the given rule and filters . - - - legacy 32 bit integer identity for a change . legacy 32 bit integer identity for a change . release resources stored in interpreter ' s hash manager .
is this a constant type whose value is true ?
is this a constant type whose value is false ?
retrieve the given annotation ' s attributes as an annotation attributes map structure . - - - invoke the method after resolving its argument values in the context of the given message . argument values are commonly resolved through handler method argument resolver handler method argument resolvers . the provided args parameter however may supply argument values to be used directly , i . e . without argument resolution . delegates to # get method argument values and calls # do invoke with the resolved arguments . the value is formatted as a string before being added .
force rebalance .
convenience method that sets page on wicket . response object .
response for request .
convenience method that sets page on wicket . response object .
actual evaluation is delegated to # generate value ( virtual frame , rpromise , source section ) .
set error message if there is a problem . . . - - - returns the embedded server instance of a particular name getter for property server name . getter for property server name . if there is a cause , appends the get cause ( ) . get message ( ) to the original message .
requests to unban the specified . - - - returns the rest client used execute rest api requests . returns rest client used to execute rest api requests
requests to kick the specified user from . - - - returns the rest client used execute rest api requests . returns
requests to remove a role from this member .
requests to add a role to this member .
returns true if the class member m is visible from code in the class from . - - - returns the class which declares the current soot method . returns the class which declares the current soot method .
gets the number of all mosaics involved ( all levels ) .
returns the rightmost point or double . negative _ infinity in case of no intervals .
returns the leftmost point or double . positive _ infinity in case of no intervals .
used primarily for stream based messaging .
used primarily for stream based messaging .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a day of month object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - month field . this method returns the primitive int value for the day - of - month .
this can be used extract a day of year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - of - month field . this method returns the primitive int value for the day - of - month .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the hour of day directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the minute of hour directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a quarter of year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from a time provider .
this can be used extract the second of minute directly from any implementation of time provider , including those in other calendar systems .
obtains an instance of from a date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
this can be used extract a week - based - year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) .
obtains an instance of from date provider . - - - obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . obtains an iso local date from another date - time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day - - week field , which is an enum day of week . this method returns the enum day of week for the day - of - week . this avoids confusion as to what int values mean . if you need access to the primitive int value then the enum provides the day of week # get value ( ) int value . additional information can be obtained the day of week this includes textual names of the values
this can be used extract a week of week - based - year object directly from any implementation of date provider , including those in other calendar systems . - - - obtains an iso local date from another time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . obtains an iso local date from another date time object . this is equivalent to local date # from ( temporal accessor ) . gets the day of - week field , which is enum day of week . this method returns the enum day of week for the day - of - week . this avoids confusion as to what int values mean . if you need access to the primitive int value then the enum provides the day of week # get value ( ) int value . additional information can be obtained the day of week includes textual names of the values
obtains an instance of from a calendrical .
this can be used extract a year object directly from any implementation of calendrical , including those in other calendar systems .
prints variables with only one unique value .
registers a new noelios restlet engine .
specifies whether monitoring is enabled for the instance .
returns a lock which provides exclusive rights to changing this application , with a timeout that is suitable for deployments .
the default implementation will simply use reflection to create the correct object type .
subclasses can do whatever they want .
the method creates a new item with the given id into the container .
the method add new item after the given item .
the method add new item after the given item .
the method adds the item property .
the method removes the item identified by item id from the container .
the method adds the given item at the position of given index .
the method removes given item property return if the item property is removed if not .
the method removes a property specified by the given property id from the container .
validate the the given value .
guarantee at least enough content padding to account for the stroke width and support preventing corner overlap for shaped backgrounds .
20s .
called after the member authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider . - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in interface
on authorization verification , connects the member ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider .
fetches a new request token from the provider , temporarily stores it in the session , then redirects the member to the provider ' s site for oauth2 .
called after the member authorizes the connection , generally done by having he or she click " allow " in their web browser at the provider . - - - add a new connection to this repository for the current user . after the connection is added it can be retrieved later using one of the finders defined in interface
on authorization verification , connects the member ' s local account to the account they hold at the service provider
the member has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider from this application .
- - - remove a single provider connection associated with a user account . the user has decided they no longer wish to use the service provider account from this application . note : requires hidden http method filter to be registered with the ' _ method ' request parameter set to ' delete ' to convert web browser posts to delete requests .
generates a message a trailing gerrit change id in : - - - a description of the migrated changes to include in the destination ' s description . the destination may add more boilerplate text or metadata .
performs the actual liquibase task on the database fully configured liquibase . migrator . migrator . - - - drops all objects in passed schema ( s ) drops all database objects in the passed schema ( s )
performs extra liquibase . migrator . migrator configuration as required by the extending class .
by default this method does nothing , but sub classes can override this method to perform extra configuration steps on the liquibase . migrator . migrator .
converts the input to a piece of a uri by percent encoding assuming a utf - 8 encoding .
directory where rotated agent logs are stored .
creates a launcher for the agent . a lot of information . consider if a check operation needs to be exposed to everyone or just those who have higher access to job / hudson / etc . sends out a string error message , with optional " show details " link that expands to the full stack trace . use this with caution , so that anonymous users do not gain too much insights into the state of the system , as error stack trace often
returns the list of property key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
sets the list of property key values , which represents the range of values that source variables can take .
gets current float value .
creates an int property key value object for the given key value .
called when the value for any of the properties in parallax source changes .
returns a copy of this local date with the specified period subtracted .
returns a copy of this date with the specified period added .
adds a mapping between an input and an liquid - - - sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag sets the given nbt into tag
method used to generate a training dataset to a matrix dataset and extracts its contents to matrixes . - - - puts the trainable in the bundle using a specific key and returns the previous entry or null . puts the trainable in the bundle using a specific key and returns the previous entry or null .
called by the underlying rich text are when user actions trigger browser events .
called when the underlying rich text area looses focus .
set the filter data for the offset from the given filters - - - get the string value in this document field name .
attempts to login this client with the given credentials map .
the inputed image should be the entire original segmented image and assumes the outside border is filled with values < 0 .
the value of each region is reduced by one at the very end .
returns the total number of regions labeled , including the watershed .
segments the image the initial seeds for region . - - - changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small the new shape . changes the size of the histogram to match the specified shape . size of data is changed only when it ' s too small for the new shape . fills band in image with the specified values fills each band in the image with the specified values resets and adjusts the grid fills each band in image with
done to avoid over segmentation but requires additional preprocessing or knowledge on the image structure . each band in the image with the specified values resets each band in image with specified values
returns the number of times cache lookup methods have successfully created a new value .
this is defined as total create time ( ) / create count ( ) .
run the data source processor in a separate thread .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread without requiring use the configuration panel . - - - checks to see if the tested module is backwards compatible .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread without requiring use the configuration panel . - - - checks to see if the tested module is backwards compatible .
runs the data source processor in a separate thread .
data for recurring xml element in an input stream which are likely candidates for being data records - - - helper to be used by subclasses to emit simple info warnings helper to be used by subclasses to emit simple info warnings
looks for an element with the given tag name in the xml being parsed , returning the path hierarchy to reach it .
return the value range for the serialized values .
create a barrier that gates on the ring buffer and a list of entry consumers
returns a long value .
checking entity stored in a cache in a different entity manager session - - - create the employee but don ' t commit the change to the database , instead keep it in the extended persistence context . get the message the transaction has completed successfully . the participant previously informed the coordinator that it was ready to complete .
get fully qualified column name from output key column names and column expression map
set if a thread is in progress .
adds the specified rows ( inclusive ) to the selection .
removes the specified rows ( inclusive ) from the selection .
returns the selection .
returns the selection in terms of rows .
static method to verify that the key usage and extended key usage extension in a ca cert .
invoke a function with the given number of parameters
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
if none is found then the default will be returned , which is - 100 to 100 .
this method consumes an inputstream , returning its content then closing it .
used to construct predictors that need this data .
returns the starting address .
marks the instance to be reset .
this will cause all properties to be reset to default values , when a value is added by calling the method the next time .
returns a request options object with # transform ( context , transformation ) set .
returns a request options object with # center crop ( context ) set . - - - applies center crop to all default types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) ( ) .
returns a request options object with request options # circle crop ( context ) set . - - - applies circle crop to all default types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) .
returns a request options object with # center inside ( context ) set . - - - applies center inside to all default types , downsample strategy # center _ inside to image types and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) and previous calls to # downsample ( downsample strategy ) .
returns a request options object with # fit center ( context ) set . - - - applies fit center and to all default types , downsample strategy # fit _ center to image types , and throws an exception if asked to transform an unknown type . this will override previous calls to # dont transform ( ) and previous calls to # downsample ( downsample strategy ) .
execute query that gets only number of all solr documents indexed without actually returning the documents server
this will trigger a rebalance operation and messages for this topic will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards
the offset used for fetching the data is governed by whether or not # seek ( consumer ) seek ( offsets ) is used .
messages for these partitions will not be returned from the next # poll ( long ) poll ( ) onwards - - - unsubscribes to changes for the given keys at the given path ( optional operation ) . remove the session aggregated with provided windowed key from the store
get api & implementation external deps .
get api & implementation target deps .
is called after the assignment has ( recursively ) been extended by a neighbor assignment for .
gracefully shuts down the underlying connections via hclient pool # shutdown ( ) .
remove the hclient pool referenced by the cassandra host from the active host pools .
but rules with data binding disabled will fail if any data binding expressions appear in their layout resources . - - - returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration . returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration . returns an attribute value retriever for the given rule for the target configuration .
this calls # get schema ( uri ) and uses uri # create ( string ) to build the uri
this is the other way to obtain a container ( the other is # register schema ( json node ) ) .
validate and return the groups query .
validate and return the hash algorithm parameters .
validate and return the hash algorithm .
validate and return the priority either from the el expression or the direct priority setting . - - - evaluates a selector tree without resolving identifiers ( usually applied only to selector subtrees with num ids = = 0 ) .
validate and return the data source lookup .
validate and return the caller search base .
validate and return the caller name attribute .
validate and return the caller base dn .
validate and return the group name attribute .
validate and return the group search filter .
validate and return the group member attribute .
validate and return the group search base .
validate and return the caller search scope . - - - evaluates a selector tree without resolving identifiers ( usually applied only to selector subtrees with num ids = = 0 ) .
validate and return the caller search filter .
validate and return the group member of attribute .
tests the basic parsing .
down2 a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " .
down2 a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up " .
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up
execute a " heapify upwards " aka " sift up
returns a new search builder using the specified condition builder as clustering key filter .
gets the visit type for an encounter type .
verify jaspic session is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
verify jaspic session is set , and wasreq url cookie is being removed .
get the md5 of the given key .
connects to an already set host .
assumes all attributes are real ( reading the full data set with get data set will establish the true structure ) .
returns the pre values of all list nodes matching the specified path .
creates the binary string representation of an ip prefix .
finds a bgp ipv6 routing entry in the bgp rib - in .
finds a bgp ipv4 routing entry in the bgp rib - in .
gets the bgp rib - in ipv4 routing entries . remove all , retain all and clear operations it does not support the add or add all operations
gets the bgp rib - in ipv6 routing entries . remove all , retain all and clear operations it does not support the add or add all operations
sets a number of crashes on the system .
javabean tester .
reads the parameters needed from the static sphinx properties object . - - - gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name gets the value associated with this name
returns contents of ` custom _ ca . txt ` as char sequence
gets the charset name if set as property exchange # charset _ name .
gets the url of the icon associated with this menu ' s menu entry .
gets this menu ' s children .
the types of the input elements and the output value can differ .
smooth the raw border as much as possible
determines , if the current memcached nodes configuration is a couchbase bucket configuration ( like e . g .
returns a list of couchbase rest interface uris if the current configuration is a couchbase bucket configuration .
if the component is already present in the tab sheet , changes its caption and icon and returns the corresponding ( position ) tab , preserving other tab metadata .
checks whether the scrollbar should be active and needed , i . e .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
removes the item at the specified index .
retrieves the naming context bound to a thread .
unbind a naming context to a class loader . remove those futures that have been cancelled . removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it has not already started . this method may be useful as one part of cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled .
unbinds a context to a thread . those futures that have been cancelled . removes this task from the executor ' s internal queue if it is present , thus causing it not to be run if it . this method may be useful as one part of a cancellation scheme . it may fail to remove tasks that have been converted into other forms before being placed on the internal queue . for example , a task entered using submit might be converted into a form that maintains future status . however , in such cases , method # purge may be used to remove those futures that have been cancelled .
binds a naming context to a thread .
get all non - expired retention leases tracked on this shard .
builds a block with 3 d border and optional subheadline in the dialog content area .
builds a block with 3 d border and optional subheadline in the dialog content area .
block by parking in a loop
convenience access to the underlying . - - - get the jdbc helper
add a channel to thie vector - - - get the data set name . get the data set name . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id . put a new item in the accumulator . putting the same item twice does not replace the previous entry - it adds a new entry with the same id .
the channel should not be changed after it is passed in to this method .
this method delegates to # fast ( state ) with state state # set .
close all the library .
pop and return the oldest generation .
remove all on - disk export generations or die trying .
drop data that follows snapshot txn id
get library to a specific generation .
get library to first generation
utility method to throw a runtime exception based on the error code and serialized exception - - - removes all items from the queue . called from the consumer thread subject to the restrictions appropriate to the implementation and according to the queue # clear ( ) interface . removes all items from the queue . called from the consumer thread subject to the restrictions appropriate to the implementation and according to the queue # clear ( ) interface . retrieves the character position at which the specified clob object searchstr appears in this clob object . wraps a input stream , limiting the number of bytes which can be read . retrieves the character position at which the specified clob object searchstr appears in this clob object . wraps a input stream , limiting the number of bytes which can be read .
return true if this type will resolve to a class that represents an array .
otherwise , it uses " current token " and " expected token sequences " to generate a parse error message and returns it . - - - gets the property that this assertion acts along .
updates the num files and total size parameters for the passed table by querying the warehouse if the passed table does not already have values for these parameters .
the names of all registered scale - out indices .
create a key info bean that contains an x . 509 certificate .
the protocols are only sent if the socket implementation supports .
returns the list of . hpi and . hpl to expand and load . - - - calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments . calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments .
normally we look at $ jenkins hpi and . hpl . / plugins / plugins / home / plugins / plugins / plugins / plugins . hpi and . hpl . - - - calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments . calls # add ( object , int ) with all the arguments . hpi and . hpl .
note a plugin package may be composed of more than one plugin , so resources must be loaded just once for every package .
allows a list to be used as the indices to be used on a char sequence
all the shards ( replicas ) for the provided index .
this method differs from # intersect aab ( vector3f , vector3f ) intersect aab ( ) in that it allows to mask - off planes that should not be calculated .
this is part of the internal api . this is a post request .
prints the ast in ' ascii art ' tree form to the specified print stream .
sets the send zuul response boolean - - - replace any / all entries with this key , with this single entry . replace any / all entries with this key , with this single entry .
if this value if true then the proxy should be sent to the client .
replaces the # top _ level _ package _ symbol at the beginning of the given text with the current project / module ' s top - level package
change the follow state of the blog the passed post is in
we only verify here that the save document api calls the new observation component . - - - asserts that a condition is false . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results . asserts that a condition is true . if it isn ' t it puts an error message in the validation results .
we only verify here that the save document api calls the observation component .
sends the given message to all vertices that are targets of an outgoing edge of the changed vertex . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that . retrieves a nested field from a composite type with given name . throws an exception for a non composite type . you can use logical type checks # is composite type ( logical type ) to check that .
cancels a pending or current sync operation .
prevents an observable from erroring by chaining ` on error resume next ` , and any errors that occur of type api error will be piped into the supplied errors publish subject .
export rows from an sstable and write the resulting json to a print stream . next until all outstanding flushes have completed
export specific rows from an sstable and write the resulting json to a file .
otherwise , creates an instance of a classname obtained by concatenating the given to a package name from a given list of package names .
returns the pre values of all document nodes starting with the specified path .
returns the database paths to all binary files that match the specified path .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term , with control over whether freqs are required .
this will return null if the field or term does not exist .
returns docs enum for the specified field & term , with control over whether freqs are required .
this will return null if the field or term does not exist .
retrieves the information of the current migration .
removes a specific sound level listener of the list of listeners interested in and notified about changes in local sound level related information . - - - returns a reference to the call peer media handler used by this peer . the media handler class handles all media management for a single call peer . this includes initializing and configuring streams , generating sdp , handling ice , etc . one instance of call peer always corresponds to exactly one instance of call peer media handler and both classes are only separated for reasons of readability .
this can use 3 different mechanisms for obtaining a credential :
static method to convert key into a useable instance of rsapublic key or rsaprivate ( crt ) key .
put put string to preferences with custom preference
put int preference
put boolean
put float
put long preference
caches original options and assigns runtime options .
method that converts the symmetric units of a structure into different chains , so that internal symmetry can be translated into quaternary .
sets the business day adjustment to apply to the start and end dates .
the meta - property for the business day adjustment property .
gets the business day adjustment to apply to the start and end dates .
if sliding window size is 100 and sliding window type is count _ based , then the last 100 calls are recorded and aggregated .
if sliding window size is 10 and sliding window type is time _ based , then the calls of the last 10 seconds are recorded and aggregated .
returns a new data frame with additional nominal columns that are converted from given factorize columns . of returned vector may be byte , short or integer the missing values / nulls will be converted - 1 returns the elements as an array . returns the elements as an array .
open an element , " " to the buffer . - - - append already safe html as - is avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as is , avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as is , avoiding double escaping . append already safe html as
returns true if this method has a caller sensitive annotation .
path , the configuration file is searched in the application directory ( the folder in which the project is located ) .
in all other cases , the user ' s home directory ( defined in " user . home " ) is chosen . - - - test method . test method .
the ( in process ) iresource lock service .
if there are help files within the extension , they are loaded and merged with existing help files .
set the stream id for the scheduling consensus module events channel .
get the channel parameter for the scheduling consensus module events channel .
get the stream id for the scheduling consensus module events channel .
set the channel parameter for scheduling consensus module events channel .
get the stream id for the scheduling consensus module events channel .
